"rt user makin mashed potatoes out that ass .
"poor people real life. one pound of beef, a bag of potatoes and a bag of rice can feed you for a week."
"me: babe, can you peel these potatoes? user i need music playing *music plays* c'mon get your game onnn "damn it babe!" "
"selfhelp,#survival,#tools this titanium coated pen drops a 300lb attacker like a sack of potatoes .
"the pawns are falling, but everyone is waiting for the meat and potatoes. .
"rt user i don't want low-fat avocados, because those would be potatoes. or cucumbers. dummies. .
"i want sauteed and seasoned potatoes smothered in avocado."
"this font is fugly. and i hate potatoes so good morning back .
"the first time i bit into a french fry i was 4 years old and very upset exclaimed "mom! there are potatoes in these .
"take your own advice and block me instead of checking my page every 5 minutes xd haters gon hate. potatoes gon potate"
"my lunch 10/13/2017 11:40am whole wheat pita bread,3 eggs(#no yolk),#extra virgin olive oil,#jalapeo, .
"literally just gonna eat mashed potatoes for dinner. i dont care anymore lol"
"rt user "i enjoy pancakes too!" said the thing that looked like her son, but cherry knew something was wrong. .
"rt user i'm so desperate for crabs, corn , eggs , potatoes &amp; sausages "
"user jeff, jeff come on. weinstein is small potatoes. when are you going to go after the real criminals .
"darios pizza thank you for never changing &amp;making me the pizza slut i am today (l: chicken ca .
"french fries and hash browns are so bomb and taste different but they're the same thing!! potatoes"
"smothered chicken , homade mashed potatoes , and green beans sundaydinner"
"these mashed potatoes are good as fuck lmaooo"
"rt user they all look so cool i cant believe these r the same losers who got mad bcos they didnt get sweet potatoes during "
"amy, youre so sweet, if people dont like u its as if they didnt like pizza or mashed potatoes! theyre crazy not to like you! "
"thanks user now i want jello. listening to in the weeds with ben randall (episode 100: death potatoes) .
"user bacon &amp; eggs, avocado w anything, steak, broccoli w cheese, cheeseburger no bun, dark chocolate, pe .
"user the life of a potato is very busy ill have you know. i have work to do, like avoiding becoming mashed potatoes and such"
"user user user also, i'm about to eat vegan cheese on pizza in a second so suck my ve .
"user user user user gross, but only because i never ate bacon even when i was .
"i miss when rangers twitter was arguing about glass being in the lineup. seems like small potatoes compared to this"
"ground elk; loose, hot, italian, pork sausage; bacon! stuffed peppers and roasted cauliflower .
"i have no self control when it comes to mashed potatoes"
"this vegan food i swear is rockinggg!!! i swear i want y'all to try my walnut tacos and purple potatoes"
"watching old user vlogs &amp; i finally found a person who doesn't like potatoes. user too! i knew i lik .
"baked mac and cheese? disgusting sweet potatoes? disgusting mashed potatoes? eh ham and turkey? ewwww collard greens? vomit"
"who the hell says smashed potatoes instead of mashed?"
"i be putting cheese bacon and sour cream on my baked potatoes shit be loaded"
"user user guys my obsession with mashed potatoes lately is bad"
"rt user oprah has her own line of mashed potatoes &amp; mac &amp; cheese? or pasta or something. idk i only saw the commercial. it was all"
"i just made instant mashed potatoes wrong... this is why i hate cooking"
"if u drown ur fries in ketchup or other sauces, ur evil. sauces on the side, let the potatoes breathe &amp; let their flavour and texture shine"
"if you have old potatoes, throw them away...they could kill you . .
" hole foods . . : the dirty bagel grilled turkey, bacon herb cream cheese, smoked .
"rt user internet: some reaaaal bad takes out there this morning, you have what it takes to top them? apple: hold my beer "
"at a bar alone 2.0: eating grilled cheese &amp; tomato bisque, drinking glass of wine &amp; watching baseball. get you a girl who can do both."
"im sitting in my kitchen, alone, in the dark eating mashed potatoes"
"rt user haters gonna hate! potatoes gonna potate! (:"
"rt user people out here fr not liking sweet potatoes? lol wild"
"im really cooking grilled shrimps loaded mash potatoes and corn at damn near 1 in the morning "
"user i deleted it but yea bitch couch potatoes"
"i'm allergic to something in my breakfast taco but i have no self control. just know that if i die i died happy &amp; full of spicy potatoes."
"rt user user in any form, potatoes and bread will kill me "
"rt user mashed potatoes are seriously so good."
"rt user this font is fugly. and i hate potatoes so good morning back .
"cheesecake factory steak &amp; mash potatoes &amp; green beans top 5, i literally go by myself &amp; dont care haha."
"yeah but youd also be missing out on cheese .
"rt user i was breaking bread w bitches that was shady .."
"user sorry, cant talk. on my way to give an abortion to an effigy of trump at some pizza place."
"rt user fuck your fitness photos. im gonna start posting photos before and after eating a whole pizza."
"rt user can't. making sweet love to a box of powdered donuts."
"not sure if i should get beer drunk or jameson drink tonight on this party bus? user user user
"we're at ci ci's pizza. i've missed you.. and your cinnamon rolls user .
"that auburn fan sitting in the backseat w/ bama fans in the user ad needs to check those chicken tenders for poison. justsayin"
"rt user [1793] louis xvi: the peasants have no bread marie antoinette: let them eat cake {later} peasant: how do i make a"
"rt user donut tunnel stuffed cake a cake made with stuffed donuts? oh ya, get down with ya bad self. recipe: "
"rt user [ wwi ] us: come on you sons of bitches, do you wanna live forever? french: let them eat cake us: no! scarier fr: no ch"
"rt user boycottnflsponsors boycotthollywood boycottnfl boycottthenfl user user shit beer, shit management w "
"rt user me: im terrified of snakes! cleopatra: hold my beer."
"if cake, cookies, or ice cream can't fix your problems, ask yourself... is this really a problem that needs fixing? nationaldessertday"
"rt user dl 19 year old been trying to give me that young dick for a minute. i finally let him get the cakes. "
"when the guy grating cheese at olive garden pauses and looks at you.. .
"no one told me how exhausting chuck e. cheese was"
"rt user as long as lsu got coach o death valley be more like chuck e cheese....."
"i dont trust someone who can eat cold pizza"
"rt user troy- "we suffered the most embarrassing loss this week." clemson- "hold my beer.""
"rt user 5 dangers of diet soda .
"rt user two biggest shocks of adult life: 1. everyone does cocaine 2. cheese is fucking expensive"
"user girl ive seen 2 cars today with donuts on all four smh"
"rt user that piece of bread panera throw in the bag be tough as shit boy."
"rt user send a risky text, eat some pizza, life is short"
"rt user lmao this block of cheese getting dumber by the minute worstpresidentinhistory .
"forget the pizza, i need this pan! .
"had a bit of a baking disaster this afternoon but back on track, cheese-cake in oven &amp; creamy carrot soup (none of .
"user fuck what u talkin about drink more beer like a real goddamn man"
"rt user i watched season 4 of voltron high as a fucking kite and let me say, those french bread dildo people? fucked me up into the"
"rt theeconomist "chicagoans did not bottle up their negative opinions of the short-lived soda tax .
"oh waiter, can i have a slab of ribs with s side of bacon and ham? and help me wave goodbye to pathetic muslims as .
"since my food wasnt ready on time, at least offer me a soda or something"
"rt user hold my beer while i tease a bull .
"rt user bernie brought home the bacon, fried it up in a pan, and never ever let us forget he's a man berniewomenshistory"
"halloween vampire teeth mold bottle labels bloody cheese cloth set of 3 new prop - .
"some beer festivals are not as well organized or well run as others. nashbeerfest .
"rt user if you put ketchup on your fries i can't trust you"
"rt user im getting really nervous right about now. bring me another beer."
"got all fixed up even had my beard on point and just ended up going to get some damn fried chicken and beer so much for going to the bar"
"user make his ass eat chick-fil-a"
"rt user havent ordered pizza hut in a while i wonder if theyre worried about me"
"randomly having the worst jack in the box craving "
"rt user dove &amp; chick-fil-a just gone have to call me a nigger to my face "
"rt user here at the san jose mcdonalds. this is our reaction to the shortage of szechuansauce giveusthesauce rickandmorty http"
"user suggestion: geno's east. deep dish. crumbled sausage. extra cheese! p.s. leave time for cooking bef .
"rt user gump worsley was known to stop at least one shot per game with the can of beer he was drinking while in goal. .
"i want crazy bread"
"user user lol nah but fr fr no cap, he was bout to cry because he aint have enough bread for the light b .
"rt user im getting a pizza tattoo that way if i look at it when im like 23 and still working at a pizza place, ill just end it"
"rt user less sugar, more fruit. less meat, more veggies. less soda, more water. less worry, more sleep. less words, more action"
"one. slice of user 5-meat stuffed pizza. family size. cut in 8ths. this is a daggum double decker pizza!! o .
"user you good long as you got bread to eat &amp; shit you got my # still?"
"i was supposed to eat one slice of pizza and ended up eating five smh"
"rt user when u stop drinking soda and start drinking water .
"so my 8yr old, baby j, requested mussels, sausage &amp; salad for dinner. no problem son! babyj .
"i actually hate poutine. unpopular opinion, but idgaf cheese curds are disgusting"
"did you know the bible exposes the lies of false religion? realtalk breaknchains bread .
"rt user the difference between biscuit and cookies is simple, if e pass n100 no be biscuit again, dat one na cookies"
"rt user low carb cheese and ham breakfast cups leanin15 .
"rt user i have the worst buyer remorse. bought myself shoes i actually needed and am still thinking how much pizza i could have boug"
"rt user fuck the wheat and white bread. im eating my sandwiches with this bread .
"make sure to listen to my newest episode "3 pizza delivery horror stories v3" comment what you .
"rt user if you dont encourage my intellectual, artistic, or spiritual growth i will not be sharing my pizza with you. maybe you ca"
"rt user breaking bad homeowners are sick of people throwing pizza on their roof .
"make halloween cookies and watch scary movies .
"rt user tired: touch my butt and buy me pizza wired: .
"rt user i just wanna go on cute dates, carve some pumpkins,bake some cookies,watch scary halloween movies,go to the pumpkin pa"
"its been a helluva week and this is the dead irish poet craft beer ill be having tonight. yes im .
"rt user i really dont like that mexican cheese that smells like patas"
"dick trickle flashbackfriday miller beer nascar .
"rt user french fries are like insecurities, you cant have just one."
"we (me &amp; the kid) got sick this weekend. no bread sat or sun, sorry!"
"the leave are changing in cinnamon sugar skies. pastry cake dessert @ beverly wilshire, a .
"damn i really want a bomb ass salad and pizza for lunch fuck breakfast today skip i want lunch "
"rt user a teen with a bowl cut at a macklemore concert just asked me to buy him beer this is my rock bottom"
"rt user his dad was a dead beat he was spending all that bread on designer 3 piece suits lets start a dialogue .
"user grandparent visiting so we are having "fun" foods. the pizza killed me and i can't do it anymore. my b .
"rt user these are the ingredients lurking in bacon that the meat industry doesn't want you to know about... .
"santa barbara county fire hosts annual pancake breakfast fundraiser. . .
"owners of the house from 'breaking bad' are tired of fans throwing pizza on their roof . .
"rt user 171013 wannaoneinmanila wannaoneinph # haahah pink sausage ver of fire .
"rt user about to hit 10k followers and i'd like to use my platform to say: putting ketchup on fries ruins them; fries should be"
"user but there's no bacon .
"rt user owners of the 'breakingbad house are done with your pizzatossing bullshit: . - user user
"rt user badass donuts idareyou @ paramount studios .
"user is a boat load of knowledge this morning. i discovered i do almost everything wrong. from bras, to string cheese. damn"
"eating pizza with more than two toppings leads to the rejection of the lord and his holy word"
"im eating on you niggas. ketchup. im eating on you niggas cant catch up."
"rt user user user fuck hawaiian bread .
"that is one bizarre looking structure on weekly tf, surprised to see its still at 3-handle. ketchup move in the wor .
"rt user i guess i missed my chance to tell user about my too-die-for mac and cheese dish! .
"user prolific. no shoes on the rug, leave them at the door. baby scale. 17 with a .39. pizza shop. on repeat. shit .
"this is so disturbing! clearly they are not talking about pizza's. if they are talking about pizza's then they... .
"rt user if we talk after 12, our convos will get real personal. 12:00am: i like mac &amp; cheese 12:01am: i killed a man once"
"so....a triangle shaped pizza covered in cheeseburgers and shit. .
"rt user im trynna order pizza and watch scary movies all night"
"wish i was cute to show this nigga what he lost, instead im fucken dead bread you feed to the ducks"
"user user doesn't make it less horrific and a crime against beer and humanity."
"another classic beer lost in history, duke's beer the pa legend: . penn vintage beers brewery bottles cans tee"
"energy drinks cause new father's skull to collapse, loses part of his brain .
"my co workers send me pictures of beer and tacos saying they miss me "
"new digest! trump admin strikes clean power plan, undermines aca exchanges; chicago's soda tax repealed; ca burns .
"rt user joe maddon really hates something called the soda tax. what is this "soda" thing he speaks of? .
"rt user cookie butter puff pastry is delicious but lets be real, id eat cookie butter off a broken rusty pipe"
"when darkness fall beer .
"im that of girl who keeps eating chocolate cookies while crying with a romantic movie."
"i live close to one of the town's bars &amp; i made the mistake by coming here for a quick beer. literally nobody in their early (or late) 20s"
"asu has no time for your fancy pants clock management jive. they have some beer bong'n to get to! grip it and rip it!"
"that bacon on my burger made me savor the bite oh so much more. i can see why these animals are worshipped and hated! drool!"
"my wife texted me a story of a dude smashing a pizza into some girls face at work tonight and it has totally derailed what i was doing."
"rt user user bih im tryna make cookies and have my titties sucked "
"rt user i wanna be the one you drunk text first when youre out of beer at 3 a.m."
"rt user why do they look like hipster white boys that obsess over craft beer :/ .
"this picture smells like cat piss and moldy pizza .
"user sorry i don't want my delicious refreshing soda to unnecessarily overfilling"
"no its not a beer .
"rt user ketchup is love. and ketchup on french fries is dirty screaming monkey love."
"some niggas are like white bread just boring and bland "
"rt user just woke up with empty beer bottles and a parachute laying next to my bed... oh wait, never mind... g'morning "
"everytime i think wow shit cannot possibly be more fucked up than this humans go "hold my beer" what the actual fuck is wrong with people"
"the pizza place i went to today got meat on my pizza...it's the second time this has happened, and i was just too tired to confront them."
"this is being shared all over the net by some cheese dick no doubt the brainless sheep will believe it. two words " .
"rt user ur dirty if u drink beer"
"user why you complaining about a sausage fest? who is you? "
"also the other pizza place i went to last year literally got bacon on my pizza...it was the worst experience and felt like getting hit twice"
"user dude! this could be a nice change from your dick pastry. .
"amazing that islamists are preaching hate &amp; evil inside the mosques and nothing is done about it. yet, bacon on dr .
"rt user as suspected, the 2nd half is gonna call for more beer. wps"
"dammmmn stop cheesen thingsweheardwhileplayingstreetfighter"
"get pizza, no regrets jimin."
"rt user when you live in a country where "bacon crime" gains convictions but thousands of cases of fgm doesn't gain any, you know you a"
"rt user farmers rise to gm-free cheese demand gmos gmo . /gw .
"rt user top 10 things that are sugarcoated: 10 lips 9 lies 8 nuts 7 arsenic 6 donuts 5 def leppard 4 cookies 3 feelings 2 ce"
"wait wait i fucked up whole wheat everything bagel ... tell em to throw the turkey on the grill &amp; the bacon better .
"rt user the lumberbaroninn violates the rights of people with special needs! boycott: "prost beer dinner" .
"episode 87 - nkosi the beer geek reasonable ignorance society podcast . .
"winterfun 1963: a slice of bread and jam: one boys year of adventure, crippling poverty, abuse and an encounte .
"user user this is dangerous. telling people bread and rice -- consumed forever -- will cause "gen .
"rt user user user this is dangerous. telling people bread and rice -- consumed forever -- will cause "gen "
"this is dangerous. telling people bread and rice -- consumed forever -- will cause "genocide." bad word choice and .
"rt user cubs manager joe maddon believes the collision rule at home plate is as equally as bad as the soda tax in chicago."
"user bring french fries and ill allow this "
"i hate everything about myself and i want a slice of pizza"
"rt user 4 inflection points of us history: 1) revolution 2) civil war 3) invention of ketchup 4) unjust cancellation of dont tr"
"lol i'm mad i found out dominoes got hot sauce as a topping for they pizza"
"user user card. saltimbocca [jump in mouth] allaromana. no wait, that's the pope.... many "professor pizza" out there..."
"breaking bad house owners install fence to stop fans from throwing pizza on roof . .
"rt user the weirdest looking pizza in the world did they fall from the sky ? .
"user stopped hangin with the crew cuz he got girls who make him pizza rolls now "
"i can't be held responsible for anything during pumpkin beer season"
"rt user bud light worse beer of all time"
"beefjerky intrepidly crosses the rubicon into the controversial land of donuts. proceed cautiously in that litiga .
"this and potato bread is what gets to that ass .
"rt chicagosmayor: it aint over till its over. made a wager w/ mayorofla. when cubs take the nlcs, hell send local beer &amp; flythew at la"
"rt mayorofla: making a bet w/chicagosmayor. when dodgers win nlcs, hell send a 6pack of local beer &amp; fly our flag at chicago city hall. "
"rt user hating ketchup does not make you cool or sophisticated. it just makes you a ketchup hater."
"user i eat my avocado sliced with salt in between two toasted bread. no mayo"
"young man arrested for underage sex was re-arrested for sharing a pizza with a 17-year-old .
"rt user civil war reenactment at the cedar creek battlefield in va was cancelled on sat. after a soda bomb with screws was discover"
"rt user she goes do you know who i am? i said someone who isnt getting the burger without cheese and she gagged"
"you can get cakes with actual poppable pimples, and it's horrifyingly realistic . via user
"rt user i broke bread when i aint even have bread to break"
"fox news: record number of children missing from washington d.c. - pizza... . via user
"friday the 13th is unlucky? we think the only bad luck is not getting a beer today. .
"mug club pic of the week: i find your lack of beer disturbing craftbeer brewpub bradenton .
"rt user ive been on this diet to try and get more fit for producers and i have never wanted pizza so bad in my life temptat"
"my ratchet ass brought onion rings to work for lunch today and i can't wait to break out my tabasco and go to town "
"user this is disgusting. moscato is way too sweet to go with any form of doritos. just get some beer."
"rt user michigan lawmakers vote to preemptively ban soda, food taxes . soda food taxes user
"rt user flipped my bread with user g shit that nigga is really legit shawty on muvas .
"user i was tryna get fucked up lmaoooo &amp; ion even drink beer"
"baking pumpkin cookies, listening 2 classical horror at dungeon, creepy+sweet smelling. .
"rt user 'breaking bad' fans have been throwing so much pizza on walter white's house the owner is putting up a fence "
"dear user - do you no longer make the maple glazed donuts? signed, heartbroken in miami"
"racist, you should have stayed retired. and stop eating all the god damn donuts. we know what you did. another stroles. you make me sick"
"rt user these slices are 5x the size of a normal piece of pizza and the toppings are insane. who's down? jacksribeyeburger "
"user ummmmmmm.....is there a bad time for pizza?! .
"i'm too lazy to buy lunch (even from onsite cafeteria) so i am just eating the donuts someone brought this morning."
"user why are your small bottles of soda $1.99 + tax? ridiculous. a 2 liter costs that at most places."
"user same ppl talkin shit probably was crunk as fuck when they had pizza in class smh every jit love pizza"
"giada de laurentiis wrote a heartbreaking twitter rant to admit that she wasnt sure whether ketchup counts as sou .
"i can go forever without soda but sweet tea is a daily essential"
"rt user me: eats a whole pizza my friends: that's kinda unhealthy me: .
"user same. i'll eat them if that's all there is, but if given a choice, i go with no cheese."
"rt user giada de laurentiis wrote a heartbreaking twitter rant to admit that she wasnt sure whether ketchup counts as soup "
"rt user you a grown man talmbout let me make my own pizza. this shit isnt comedy. .
"ain't no pizza parties happening tonight"
"user i will refrain from mocking til bama makes bacon tomorrow."
"user i'm losing it. i need a beer."
"so user it takes 30+ mins for me to order, pay for and receive my order of you chicken tenders im confused! wehaveaproblem"
"user which is worse my meme or my school cheese? .
"rt user nixon: "i'm the most disliked potus in history." bush: "hold my beer." trump: "hold my red hat, white hood &amp; russian p"
"i should have just sucked it up and went out tonight.. instead im home baking mac &amp; cheese. .
"rt user if youre heading over to the crystal lake dunkin donuts theres no line right now. but the floor is very very slipper"
"user what a risk taker! you should take up parachuting out of planes now. of course, you may lose those nine cookies."
"rt user my wife says it look like a dog's nose, but i'm confused on which one to go into, i don't drink beer. .
"rt user seokjin having an existencial crisis bc he accidentally revealed that eatjins menu was pizza will never not be fun "
"when the waiter stops shredding parmesan cheese but you haven't said "when" yet .
"fat ass ate all the fucking pizza and now im sad and not even high anymore "
"user user been doing low carb since feb, but usually stick to low carb beer or bourbon maybe once .
"rt user it's the war of the dodgers fans and beer review from oskar blues .
"user i don't like chocolate, cake, ice cream or most candy"
"dey cheese burgers suck doe .."
" danielle los tush and beer. i submit it doesnt get much better .
"watch band flip clemson flag at varsity pizza after su upset oitnf . .
"rt user [last supper] jesus: take this and eat; this is my body judas: *starts choking on bread* jesus: yah those are my swe"
"2 things empty out quickly on weekends - petrol from tank and beer from barrel "
"rt user damn dude got dem cakes .
"sees someone in an einstein bros bagels shirt that says "thick cut bacon" on it. billie would wear it"
"user it's almost like watching chefs table and then ordering in a pizza... guilty"
"ole nick may have been right ? it's poison, rat poison ! top 10 eats the tainted cheese on fri.13th. down goes 2 &amp; 8. upset saturday ?"
"danielle los tush and beer. i submit it doesnt get much better .
"rt user man loses a portion of his head because of energy drinks . .
"rt user see as one liverpool player dey send man utd players go buy bread and egg.. this match no be small thing o https"
"user hell naaa food &amp; beer too "
"this one girl said im ugly..broke bread then she fucked me "
"rt user hey, you guys ready to see another fraud become exposed? grab a beer, pull up, &amp; get ready for 4 more years with tr "
"who doesn't love mac n' cheese? yum . .
"wake yo ass up time to get this bread !! morningmotivation"
"nowplaying no laziness by ketchup ft. bunji garlin on .
"i am not super artsy, but i sure can fake it with these simple (and adorable!) pumpkin cut out sugar cookies &gt; .
"if anyone tries to tell you they have never folded a shitty $1 frozen pizza in half and eaten like a taco they are dead ass lyin' to you"
"all day long baby!!! horror halloween beer sweetwaterbrewery jekyllbrewing @ barnesville, .
"of course i eat ass, i drank the vienna sausage juice when i'm done w it"
"i can't wait until my mom comes back from maui so i can eat my stress and sadness away with krispy kreme donuts"
"rt user i am crying. the beer exploding on the one chick and the gibberish as the other one probably falls into a coma https:/"
"rt user lets grab some beer, put on some mexican bangers, and fuck shit up! "
"catos pizza reminds me the most of frankies... just missing aoli. need it"
"user you forgot manipulative, self-serving, self-aggrandising, beer swilling gurner, alleged fraudster, raci .
"lmao dominos sends out a recording when the driver leaves the store with your pizza and my drunk ass was so confused "
"no matter how parched you are... dont drink user soda! smh!! im still pissed!!!! .
"rt user jesus answered, "it is written: man shall not live on bread alone, but on every word that comes from the mouth of god."
"note to self: stop drinking so much beer or your halloween costume won't fit..."
"rt user ill only eat dairy if its pizza. not really a cake person. more like chicken and waffles or pizza person. .
"r.i.p leilani... ill miss you baby cakes "
"rt user wsu last night: man that loss was embarrassing uw: hold my beer pac12afterdark uwvsasu"
"this sixth beer is not going down too good... im weak yall and light weight these days. wheres my user sis at?!"
"rt user women get turned on by cheese and fermented grape juice that's crazy"
"rt user im bout to fuck some pizza rolls up tonight in the name of depression"
"well fuck my cookies, i got shooed to go upstairs. this bitch .
"rt user victimhood is a bakery round the corner and everyone wants their daily bread. .
"what kind of lives do y'all unwanted first slices of bread live?"
"the amount of beer i've had is almost unhealthy"
"user i am exactly the child scared by chuck e cheese"
"rt user call (626) 599-3700 &amp; ask ceo bane to stop selling beer brewed by backers of trump &amp; gop! . .
"rt user you cant buy happiness but you can buy donuts .
"user lemme get a stuffed crust from pizza hut and one of the big ass cookies ill dm address"
"the fact that i'm basically destroying my body for beer league softball makes me question my life choices"
"nothing beats a hot fresh pizza !!pizza#orlandpark italianvillapizza .
"user the beer nerd and friday college football crowd is probably not a very big cross section, but i am here for this"
"rt user only 7 ingredients in this sage apple stuffed pork tenderloin in bacon ! juicy, tender and bursting .
"user user leave my soda alone!"
"rt user user theres a full dead bug cooked into my pizza. refund? .
"user the pumpkin line in the beer buzz was a copy/paste mistake. ignore that crap."
"nothing like our version of a calzone !!! orlandpark pizza italianvillapizza calzones .
"rep. moylan is a chief cosponsor of hb 4083. the measure would prohibit counties from imposing soda taxes in the future."
"up next, the food version of "big bucks, no whammies...stop!" "wretched rice cakes of love!" ranma"
"we hear mac n cheese closes at 9pm but they r part of the bar crawl that ended at 10pm. some not so happy folks out there. wisconsindells"
"rt user wait so do u have garlic bread or nah"
"how mcdonald's and wendy's come out with some chicken tenders at the same damn time."
"rt user don't joke about bringing home pizza and not have pizza when you get home. i take pizza very seriously."
"rt user i am having pizza this evening and it's not even sunday. yeah. i know. james."
"square to ducking cheese and rice i thought i left my phone at home and almost had a heart attack"
"we must face vader. it's time to brew the sixth star wars beer! let's do this! . via user
"spv wallet bread lets users decide during the segwit2x hard fork . bitcoin .
"rt user ian beer's extra_recipe and rrm wifi exploit .
"rt user turkey bacon &gt; regular bacon and i really don't care if you disagree"
"l: if you're 90% chunk ass, what's the other 10%? d: hash browns."
"theres a tenderloin, egg, cheese, and bacon nestled in that biscuit and gravy. . .
"don't take a chance and not get your pizza, papajohns runs out but i have never heard of a pizza hut running out. .
"are you hungry? stop by the civic center for the morton grove days commission all you can eat pancake breakfast... .
"user oct 20th, 8:00pm, no cover, livemusicchicago singersongwriter chicagobars beer .
"rt user i want the little halloween sugar cookies so bad"
"rt user bacon isn't the most important ingredient in a blt according to topchef judge user .
"when you tryna lose weight but your partner still wants to eat pizza and cupcakes "
"most disappointing childhood memory: asking for a "plain cheeseburger with nothing extra" at mcd's &amp; they gave me a burger with no cheese."
"rt user "no rapping tonight" why? "you rap about patrick swayze everytime, it's embarrassing" ok [after one beer] uh oh y'all it's ge"
"user smoke this (bread) drink this (energy drink) ill do whatever i want whore"
"user i don't like cream cheese on its own or on bagels (even flavored kinds) but i do like cheesecake."
"user user i disagree about cold spaghetti, but i'm 100% on board with cold pizza."
"pop, lox, &amp; drop it. brunch fromscratch pizza weekendbrunch westloop : user .
"cook countys now-dead sodatax and the weinstein scandal have one thing in common and its not going away. .
"i was having a bad morning.....until i got cinnamon donuts and now all is fine "
"user user then y'all bama fans won't be making fun of pizza party's for the playoff selection show now would you"
"rt user pop, lox, &amp; drop it. brunch fromscratch pizza weekendbrunch westloop : user .
"reporters standing in a hurricane: danger is our middle name this guy: hold my beer .
"rt user have you figured what will you do for dinner? no? check this pizza pasta recipe here: . .
"to much lean in my soda u know i had to po it"
"fried chicken sandwich coated in hotboy with blue cheese on top! doesn't get any better! have it .
"rt user three dozen geese were found dead in an upstate new york pond. the culprit? moldy bread. .
"just realised i have tweeted about pizza in ages because i haven't burnt it...what a surprise"
"rt user im having a lil yard sale! selling shit. come thru. i made cookies 1410 jensen ave "
"this little boy saw me about to walk in pizza hut and ran to open the door for me. y'all know my emotional self was about to cry"
"island's cheese fries are so bomb "
"dominos can remodel all the stores they want but their pizza continues to be is terrible. they need to make the pizza better."
"user i will supply the puns, bad grammar, and soda pop!"
"rt user if u go to canes and eat the chicken with ketchup u are a disgrace .
"what's wrong with beer? .
"rt user dawg i want some pizza so bad"
"i just saw an older white man get caught stealing cheese from whole foods.. the race war has begun.. .
"rt user damn cakes doesnt play games .
"i'm hurt i just burnt cookies "
""it would be terrible if the wine got here before the beer" - my roommate waiting on her postmated alcohol"
"user i'll go dump out all your drinks so you can see the beer."
"fuck a date, i was tryna beat them cakes. .
"user nothings better then christmas, you ignorant cheese molester"
"rt user me- damn, could anyone be more awful than these hollywood execs? donna karan- hold my beer... .
"why the fuck is there cookies &amp; cream flavored oreos like what???"
"user dead by madison beer"
"lg 2 top'ing pizza $8 these days. we've been getting screwed for years. justsaying"
"i am very sad someone please buy me a pizza"
"hop rising by squatters craft beers found at the bayou beer garden. about. damn. time."
"only terrorist gets ketchup at canes"
"blast your chicken breast with mayo x shredded parmesan cheese mix... top with bread crumbs and tell me that shit don't come out "
"rt user are men's hands broken or are they just too stupid to figure out how to put stuff between bread? .
"no ketchup just sauce, raw sauce"
"fuck them bitches get ya bread son "
"rt user joe alleva: im an embarrassment when it comes to handling coaches usmnt: hold my beer and watch this"
"rt user fuck them bitches get ya bread son "
"as brew (shreveport's beer festival) starts to wind down, aren't you happy lyft is live now in shreveport! .
"user i voted pizza even tho it's the wrong answer because it's my favourite"
"my brother gets his friends parents to order pizza and deliver it to our house. finessin motherfucker "
"shit id hug your mama and drink a beer with yo pops at my family reunion. .
"user tequila anejo, lemon lime zevia soda, 1 qtr cut lime, rasp and blackberries for garnish add ice, refreshing evening drink"
"rt user if you want a president or pm who "you can have a beer with" you have fundamentally misunderstood the purpose of democracy."
"fried chicken jumbalaya and some type of vegetable idk yet"
"rt user "do not reward yourself with food: you are not a dog." from beer to maternity by julie hodgson . ou"
"i will always tweet about my son...mso delete me now if you don't like it. he's should be here drinking a beer with me! god i'm mad!"
"rt user *calls up pizza place* why would you cut my pizza so uneven? if you're trying to tear my family apart it's working"
"user phelps_mark battle cry @ sons of liberty beer &amp; spirits co. .
"'breaking bad' fans have been throwing so much pizza on walter white's house the owner is putting up a fence .
"mr robot s03 e01 is like drinking beer which is 37 c cold. bobby cannavale steals the show though."
"my 15yr old cousin just called me a puss bag bc i physically can't eat another slice of pizza without exploding lol"
"user user he absolutely said it. i almost choked on my beer. but he ended up being right"
"rt user user loved your tutorial on how to cut hot bread. but i didn't need it. i'll just get you to cut that "
"user missed the episode today due to work, but tonight i managed to ketchup."
"reflections on glass, and beer. reflection beer craftbeer flame fire bitters whatvegansdrink .
"some times i can't believe how much of a vegan i've become. my job got 30 boxes of pizza today and i couldn't of been more grossed out.. smh"
"i use to fight over pizza lol now i really just don't care"
"how hard is it for a man to get some beer "
"i never thought i would like sour ales but here i am, sour beer guy"
"first &amp; last time i use user &amp; last time i'll ever order from pizza etc in haverhill ma! wrong order/i'm blamed for it &amp; hung up on!"
"my drive thru dude was savage. warning this is not a funny video. this is me ordering dunkin' donuts and meeting a .
"what the fuck is a root beer float?"
"rt user ghost pizza bagels via delish. ghastlygastronomy .
"andy bought me a hot chocolate from dunkin donuts and it was so small that i actually started crying. thugcardrevoked again"
"rt user when that kid who couldn't help with gas money walks into class with dunkin donuts .
"we are pouring a lot of beer at new bedford oktoberfest on state pier. come on down, then stop over for a late snack with us!"
"no soda everyday it's time to quit for good as myself some reasons in my liver health problems for years. since 10/ .
"rt user stephanie hicks was arrested after tossing hot nacho cheese at a 7-eleven clerk . .
"rt user the truth has never been said better. wwe wwe2k18 myplayer bacon # .
"shit ima start baking cakes and selling them for 160 a pop, tf .
"saturday night: hanging on the couch w/ my cat, drinking a beer &amp; playing family feud"
"why i relate 2 pigeons: dumb city boye wants to eat ur bread doesn't rly wanna b around ppl goofy and doesn't know what he's doing"
"rt user never met a cheese i didn't like"
"holy shit, i just bought veggie bacon strips"
"user lmfao... no chocolate cake??!! nobody wants to "win" that"
"rt user ketchup, mustard, and the darkness of a thousand emo souls .
"why the fuck do little kids prank call pizza hut alllllll day"
"rt user user because wocaffirmation is mocking a black woman who couldn't be bought off with donuts in your hellsite handle."
"fuck heartbreak and social anxiety. im at a hockey game with 15k people and i just spend $90 on beer for my best friends."
"user user user user charlestown ma has the oldest commissioned warship in the us navy. and a wfm with a cheese room."
"twitter is weird and i don't know what to do with it beer"
"rt user sundaymorning bacon go to church you sinful bastards .
"war videos and beer"
"rt user 0 stars domino's is crazy because if you close your eyes and eat the pizza in the box you won't know which is which. h"
"user wedgewood got exactly the score it deserved. very good pizza, not great, but love the family owned .
"11) battered french fries are generally wrong. seasoned battered french fries doubly so."
"is there anyone worse than the beer snobs bragging about their accomplishments? yup, you drove to tree house. you got dinner tix. yay"
"rt user why were victorians putting corpse dolls in birthday cakes? . .
"are you still eating bacon? genevieve is going to be angry!! user
"i think i'm gonna go downstairs and steal an entire pizza from my family"
"those awkward moments when you go to take a sip of a soda and completely miss your mouth and spill it all over... .
"for 6 years ive been wanting to make these little apple pie cookies from user and i finally had the rig .
"rt user weird how macho sports dudes want girls who drink beer and burp and like football and wear jerseys but are terrified of appea"
"user u mean nasty like oatmeal cookies"
"rt user i mean i fucking love pizza but if pizza violently killed 30,000 people a year i'd be like okay maybe none of us should"
"missed second goal while getting a beer. so basically i'm going to go get beer every 5 mins or so from here on out. nhlbruins"
"rt user i will always tweet about my son...mso delete me now if you don't like it. he's should be here drinking a beer with me"
"just when the hunger strikes again... i remember my mother in law ordered pizza. "
"ihatetoadmititbut i don't like bacon."
"user dick cheese"
"user user user then it would be you and 2 rats, careful trump will steal the cheese"
"forgot this was the only one i didn't like and ends maine beer ad... (pine tree agronomics) . photo"
"user catch rule: dumbest most confusing rule in sports. user obstruction rule: hold my beer. nlcs"
"got ricky weed cookies for his birthday &amp; then we did a haunted corn maze. now were going to wendys, taco bell, bk, &amp; mcdonalds. "
"i have so much homework i need to get done but yet i am chilling drinking n eating pizza "
"drinkin a brew..just remembered i had my first beer when i was 7 for gettin a good report card i hated beer after that"
"nobody shops at whole foods 8 dollar cookies like wtf hell no"
"someone just tried to feed me pizza with bacon hidden under the cheese and i'm so fucking disgusted"
"sports is better with a heel. anyone who disagrees with that is probably boring and drinks cheap beer."
"momma gonna be mad, i think i can eat all the cookies she bought yesterday."
"currently on my bedside table: fake nails, salonpas, beer, charlie card, easter egg filled with embroidery thread, tennis ball, scissors"
"so we made it for an hour up front but feet/back were screaming to sit. after sitting/advil/beer went to back of floor until beg of encore."
"rt user a friend: your macaroni n cheese is a little- me: did you just call me a bitch? i think i heard you call me a bitch."
"my brother made us leave a bar bc he wanted street meat and we couldn't find any so he bought a plate of sliced pepperoni from a pizza truck"
"pizza over privacy? a paradox of the digital age | stanford graduate school of business .
"rt user trump: you can't think of something more stupid than calling half of america 'deplorable'. nfl: hold my beer."
"if you don't think you can get drunk off of root beer alone you have not tried hard enough"
"user exactly what i said, ian. if you don't think you can get drunk off of root beer, you aren't working for it"
"cheese in the trap this week is too short"
"rt user mgtow music - simpinsunday - . don't buy that love crap - what about bacon ;)"
"user user user the amount of pizza we ate last year while wasted"
"user cheese tastes like ass nigga"
"rt user the wmuhomecoming hcob pancake breakfast and stampede tailgate have been canceled. we'll post other updates as the "
"rt user igotsocaughtup trying to please everybody, but unfortunately i'm not bacon"
"at qdoba: "no rice. double meat. lots of cheese and sour cream." ketolyfe"
"rt user after today i need a beer, four thirty packs and a fifth of whisky. and fuck it 19 mcdoubles"
"rt user ive been going on a no fast food, no dairy, no processed, no soda, and just an all around healthy diet to clear up my face"
"you would think the possibility of a 3rd burns to my tongue &amp; throat would be enough to keep me from shoving hot pizza in my mouth. wrong"
"user we have the oven brick fired pizza today and the grim feeder brunch tomorrow "
"don't you dare put the words "vegan" and "bacon" in the same sentence ever again. who do i need to fight about this? .
"little ceasers crazy bread&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"rainy days means pizza!"
"cheese danishes from au bon pain give me a will to live"
"gonna start this day with some wet ass pizza and finish the night with some french vanilla ciroc"
"rt user guy throwing beer cans at no one in particular, 500 block north scott."
"french toast is bread soaked in egg. gross .
"skillet meaty shells and cheese - rants from my crazy kitchen .
"rt user introducing the chorizo burger with chorizo, 2 beef patties, 2 slices of monterey jack cheese, fire roasted veggies "
"rt user president ross gives the bones donuts for bonecoming but campus police tells them to stop playing..... anyone else see"
"correct me if wrong, based theory of survival of fittest, beer only kills weakest brain cells. beer makes you smart!"
"nothing like getting home to open your pizza box to the wrong pie user what kind of monster eats banana p .
"strolling dinner. craft beer, michigan wine and local hard cider tastings, dessert!! youll get to interact... .
"i'm such a fat ass when i'm depressed. i went to ann arbor last night just to order a shit ton of insomnia cookies "
"user user ... only put undo burden on pet store owners. and enrich people that bread at there home and tre .
"user ill tell you what, if you lived downriver you have to give sportsman pizza a try"
"so far today i spilled burning hot pizza sauce on my naked boobs and im currently suffering from second degree burns"
"user makes me miss mcdonaldland cookies"
"from our kitchen to your office. tired of only having pizza as a carryout? try something new --&gt; .
"rt user hello, i am a bear. where can you get bread? i am asking for another creature. (i am sorry for the deceit. i am the one"
"rt user nothing better than a beer and catch up on life with user after surviving shooting pictures in the rain for t"
"user fuck you mac and cheese"
"who can take me to get some beer. ill buy you some"
"who ever decided that hot dogs and mac and cheese was a good combo is a fraud. hot dogs ruined my entire lunch"
"energy drinks leave new father with hole in his skull, fighting for his life during son's birth . via user
"mood since 8am - either i'm greedy or committed lolol i don't keep bread in my place. or .
"rt user opened the fridge and i trembled with fear my buddies are coming and i'm all out of beer mytroublesthatrhyme"
"just got back with a case of beer. what'd i miss? goblue!!!"
"fact: i dont like okra, chocolate ice cream, ginger beer, coleslaw and potato salad"
"rt user the most evil thing somebody can do to you is give you cold french fries "
"pizza now targeted because ur all a bunch of fat lazy online pizza ordering fools. never put ur cc in a pizza site, .
"you eat blue cheese, you eat ass after a good shit"
"user weird i just bought pumpkin spice cookies "
"old hwy 22/w. main street: clinton- motor vehicle accident in front of lenny's pizza. user
"rt user old hwy 22/w. main street: clinton- motor vehicle accident in front of lenny's pizza. user
"rt user my baby's first hotdog... asked me if he should 'suck the sausage outta the bun' i told him no, just bite into it. "
"im really struggling between eat panera bread or ordering crispy fries from my local pizzaria. lestruggles"
"rt user i want french fries so bad! "
"i wanna know how asking if we can order a pizza for dinner makes me a spoiled piece of shit when i even offered to pay"
"we're all doomed!!! fridaythe13th horror horrormovies cookies slashermovies jasonvoorhees .
"shamelessly singing along to rocky horror while i sit in my bed eating mac and cheese and i honestly couldn't ask for more"
"been up since 9 am and i'm just getting to eat now, but i'm not complaining cuz it's bomb ass pizza "
"rt user me: wow, you suspended jemele hill on some bullshit how shitty can you be espn: hold my beer .
"user user i bet you he can eat bread u god damn nerd"
"rt user y'all broke while i'm countin this bread .
"rt user you should take the cheese off your burger. it could save.... first of all, let me stop you there... .
"user cam tooting the worst pete morelli does not like cheese steaks bad calls"
"user my 2yo whines: i want chips! wife: do you want cheese with your whine? 2yo: i want cheese!"
"i was breaking bread with niggas that were shady "
"rt user i will make you a sandwich. bring you a beer. then suck you off while youre watching the game. facts .
"pennsylvania, dallas breweries start beer war ahead of eagles-cowboys game .
"user no pumpkin bread? as was i, my mother always watched whichever reruns were playing. besides the ori .
"outraged that we don't have boxed mac n cheese or spaghettios in this house"
"rt user idk how basic fitspo it is, peanut butter and rice cakes will always be the goat"
"flat beer and chocolate cheesecake, goddamn i'm classy"
"rt user wtf is an acorn bread"
"young pizza while drunk"
"not every girl wants to sell cookies, some wanna go camping and actually do fun shit thats not purely for the comp .
"i legit just choked on my pizza "
"user that was insane. just now got to watch it. even raw on someone's beer battered camera he sounds unreal."
"say you're out of honey mustard. it's either ketchup or some dry ass chicken .
"user user user (i kinda lied. i dove in last night. my first beer from user was wonder .
"nobody is all that ...ya farts don't sell like fresh baked cookies grrrrr light smack ...what lol .
"see nobody is all that ...ya farts don't smell like fresh baked cookies....lol ..light smack .
"oh, despite being a "foodie" i love waffle house hash browns and i would eat my shoe if it was chicken fried and doused in country gravy"
"rt user and to paint trump's presidential portrait, the ghost of francis bacon!"
"rt user user the cheese stands alone! the cheese stands alone! hi hi the derry-o, dotard stands alone!"
"sloppy ass pepperoni and extra cheese pizza, with the grease dripping, at an attractive pace."
"rt user if anyone is thinking of fighting me, just know i cook bacon topless."
"user cant pass up a chance to get some bread"
"rt user i don't want to hear another goddamned republican crying in their beer. this their mess. they knew. take action or go fuck"
"there were gasps at christies when a much-hyped francis bacon painting failed to attract a single bid .
"rt user there were gasps at christies when a much-hyped francis bacon painting failed to attract a single bid .
"user ughhhh wtf!! just to be fair that pizza shop isnt in queens lol"
"rt user i am convinced user dont want people eating vienna sausage &amp; skittles...&amp; i think hes gonna be totally pissed "
"blade runner 2049: the world is a smoky ruin controlled by amoral tech companies. san francisco 2017: hold my beer."
"rt user get the grande instead of the tall. take a nap. bake some cookies. paint your nails. use the bath bomb youve been "
"pizza and scary movies for this friday the 13th"
"rt user scary movie checklist: comfy couch blankets to hide under plenty of pizza fridaythe13th .
"rt user friday checklist: run bake pumpkin bread watch scary movie"
"hellinacell reactions, the week in wrestling, and a weird dive down to pizza town...subscribe and listen on itunes or click the link in bio"
"user (and something for the celiac folks because i would not wish "gluten-free pizza" on anyone.)"
"rt user user user my lived experience is that ketchup on fries is very very gross and i will never stop speakin"
"rt user user if your fries need ketchup, they are not good fries. nat(h)alie solidarity!"
"rt user i'm sorry but if my son getting the 30pc at chuck e cheese i gotta jump in. .
"user imperial is my least fave pizza ever"
": man rapes woman, wants to have beer before she calls cops .
"ill meet u by u i want to get beer? is that ok"
"i'm now the weird person cutting an unrealistic quantity of cheese in the vice kitchen"
"remember when the weekend meant beer and relaxation? now we have threats of war and sketchy mass shootings. ww3 lasvegasshooting sadtimes"
"user especially if i keep eating cookies for dinner. too bad i'm monotone. .
"rt user its friday the 13th. i wanna be laid up watching scary movies and eating pizza "
"rt user i dont really care for mixed drinks when im out. shots only. im trying to get drunk ok? skip the soda/juice"
"rt user right about ketchup, wrong about just salt. everybody knows fries goes with ranch or bbq sauce. .
"what bothers me is it still says nice and easy and there was no warning and they did not honor the slice of pizza .
"rt user give them bacon and send them to a muslim country! they are not capable of being american citizens! why cant we tak "
"just spilled a beer all over ash's car i'm such a dick"
"i need pizza so bad"
"user shut up already you incompetent moron hope after this you never serve anybody but french fries! .
"why does no italian place carry cheese lasagna"
"it should be illegal to label gluten free pizza dough as pizza dough on packaging in stores - its a blatant lie."
"user seriously though, who cares if your next calendar isnt quite like the last one! fans got to watch you chop bacon! "
"niggas brought me a sandwich and soda too.. it's still fuck 12 forever tho."
"i literally cook and serve sausage for 8 hours at wegs chilling"
"nothing better than an ice cold beer after a long work week."
"rt user user stop wasting good pizza on this bullshit"
"user user honestly it's a very intimidating cheese"
"user user tbt to when i put a whole slice of pizza on my face as a joke. i too, broke out afterwards. .
"rt user who says you can't have donuts for dinner? want a mac'n'cheese-nut? a spaghetti-nut? let's go nuts! "
"i don't need this kind of negativity in my life! givemecheese .
"cant believe these people had owners bread catered and had the nerve to serve the black man soup smh"
"i don't trust people who eat nachos without cheese or salsa. like who raised you"
"have felt like exploding in a million anxious bits all day. after work, i'm gonna eat pizza, get really high, and write the goddamn poem."
"amc horror movie night and pizza hut. "
"questnutrition : these chocolate skeleton protein cookies made out of quest bars are scary good! recipe: .
"out of work, cold beer, bin fire and user is our president! folks, life doesnt get better than this! america yessir"
"rt user the only way to eat pizza is to drown it in ranch "
"fuck it beer olympics at the crib"
"ready for pizza and a scary movie with user unlimitedscreaming via user
"user i dont know you but i hate you. having lived in nyc for 7yrs i havent had walkers smokey bacon in my head. now i need them."
". learn how baking soda can turn your house from frightening to fresh this halloween! simplesolutions ad .
"i cant believe how many beer bongs i did with someone who is now being prosecuted by the federal government"
"want clear skin? - take cough medicine every 4 hours - drink chammomile tea all day long - forfeit cheese - hate life"
"user cuse gonna shock the world tonight! or until i finish this first beer."
"user i'm a foodie/beer snob, not a sociopathically fancy freak"
"who doesnt love some cheap beer and a fire on a crisp fall night "
"hate to break it to y'all but artichoke pizza is vastly over rated"
"stoneyard hazy hoppy nonsense ipa on tap now. . beermenus"
"rt user when u get older u gotta spend yo bread on stupid shit like curtain rods ....smh"
"user whats your cut of choice for chicken-fried steak?"
"cheese board cutting board 3 pak handcrafted from oak and . via user
"user user user user prissy why would anyone believe their lies. go stick your head in a pizza oven."
"now playing : pizza shop f. mf doom &amp; del the funky homosapien by user tune in at . .
"wtf lol u wilden rt user if u eat pizza folded we cant be cool. go buy a sandwich u fucking weirdo"
"consumers warned not to eat "toma celena" raw milk alpine table cheese, sample confirmed w/listeria contamination. .
"rt user then the cheese. rt user this was my shit and the first thing im grabbing when i go on there is the hams https:/"
"i'm going to die waiting for this pizza"
"rt user warning: there isn't nearly as much beer in the wilderness as coors commercials lead one to believe."
"i hate shit like this. do yall want cookies or something? .
"rt user unfortunately, 4 days of cake talk plays out for a month of episodes but at least that's less then 6 years of sprin "
"rt user pizza delivery guy just rang my doorbell &amp; i didn't order pizza. told him he had wrong house, one of the hardest things i've e"
"when you've had a day from hell &amp; all you want is pizza! makin a quick stop before going home. .
"rt user i broke bread with bitches i should've let starve..that's my fault thou."
"did you know that a hamburger is created from cheese in discord servers?"
"user lets decorate the apartment &amp; make cookies and go to a haunted house."
"chemo dulls her taste buds so all she'll eat now is smoked salmon and bacon. note the untouched low sodium canned t .
"prairie artisinal ales christmas bomb 2016 growlers now available. . beermenus"
"user tumblr didn't even fuck up rnm it was the stupid fancy ketchup disaster but yeah, everything else p .
"user attacking the nra, which does not regulate firearms, is misdirected. have another beer and think ab .
"dude won't wear a user cap but would gladly give away our beer if the yanks lose. that's no bet, esp. coming fr .
"rt user my family calls vagina "coco bread" bih i was so shook when i could read and saw them selling actual "coco bread" i "
"shake shack chicken tenders exist and more intel . newyorkcity nyc .
"rt user owners of 'breaking bad' house build fence to shield from pizza-throwers . .
"rt user whereas those dudes are now unilaterally beer bellied, unhappily married and nursing 10 year coke hangovers"
"i hate all upsets i don't get bread on lol .
"rt user user i got some african sausage for you whenever you stop playin"
"rt user fruit. beer. fest. come check out unique local craft beers tom at the 1sr annual ofw fruit beer fest. 2-5pm. limited tix"
"rt user received sext: "i want you to come over, i want to hold you, i want to eat pizza, and i want to choke you." .
"user everytime i see her in that scene with the pizza it drives me nuts. fold that s!user damn it lol"
"new trending gif tagged beer, drink, drunk, drinking, weekend, bunny, rabbit, saturday, liquor via giphy .
"in the tennessee mountains. local pizza joint gives 15% off if you wear your gun into the restaurant. yeahhhh not in mood for pizza anymore"
"rt user how did i miss this - tanner muse with the fucking beer chug celly .
"bible. psalms 127:2 [2]it is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, to eat the bread of sorrows: for so he .
"alright state let's go! already had one disappointment with no beer towers at bar."
"rt user are you mad cuz financial aid playing with your refund check? or fried chicken friday just got you lit this morning "
"rt user user user i think putting fries on ketchup ruins ketchup"
"al riggs coffee review episode 18: dunkin donuts chocolate donut flavored coffee is ok and not the best b- buy hek .
"attending the user at dbap today? stop by and say hi.. look at our beer lineup w/a new user be .
"rt user cfa: any sauce with your nuggets?" g: no just uh ketchup and polyester sauce." cfa: ".......... certainly!""
"rt user attending the user at dbap today? stop by and say hi.. look at our beer lineup w/a new user be "
"bitch you brokeeee shut up dont talk to me get your bread up"
"fans keep tossing pizza on breaking bad house .
"rt user user user them's fighting words!! (and god forbid, don't pick on bacon either)!! .
"rt user who got cake thread drop your cakes .
"i suspect whole foods hot bar bacon is what elizabeth barrett browning was thinking of when she wrote sonnet 43. "
"and craft beer culture is not "casual" to those whom don't usually fit it, often people/women of color, femmes, poor folk, etc."
"wanna have a pizza party but the man drunk on writing"
"i don't think pub groups are wrong. when beer culture theology takes up so much space in the "progressive xtian sphere" it can be isolating."
"rt user will i ever learn to avoid gas station pizza? absolutely not."
"i'll beat ya ass you slander mac &amp; cheese"
"pizza ???? smh .
"we made it to halong bay. in 6 days. fuck. i think me and user deserve a beer"
"user dad ordered no cheese on a plain hamburger, but got cheese. why?"
"i hope we stay thick as thieves. butter and bread. pillars on colonial homes."
"the soda fountain where i work at is out of o2 and i tried it and it was so bad i'm just blargh"
"cheese sticks so damn good bruh"
"rt user big rob got the chicken parmesan wrap in lee's summit: chicken parm, swiss, provolone, toast, bacon, egg, sriracha "
"user user i'll have you both know that i have finished a large fry and a bacon double cheeseburger alone on multiple occasions"
"rt user you had a nigga named muhammad making bacon sandwiches? that shit must me torch! .
"some of last nights damage! cantillon beer .
"rt user glad i spent 20 minutes in the supermarket paralysed by choice only to buy the same disgusting frozen pizza i buy ever"
"rt user pimento cheese and pork skins...they must be stopped. cc...user .
"bitch how about the pizza man never showed up with my pizza &amp; wings .
"user yaaasss!! ill start baking cookies now and work on my h8rade recipe (alcoholic, of course)."
"stop by today for a tour and a user or nodabrewing beer on us! we are open until 5pm .
"user guess they need go back and learn some english and eat some bacon u seriously need to move to american"
"observation from this morning: you really see the worst in people when there's an hour-long wait for wood-fired pizza at a pumpkin patch."
"user waited an hour and 20 mins and paid $22 for one large and very cold pizza! not a happy customer!"
"user ppl have been fired by an employer for a picture of a girl drinking a beer on fb. we lose anonymity, i .
"fsu: we started 1-3 and struggled vs wake forest clemson: hold my beer"
"dont use the microwave use the oven instead lets be healthy fuck bread .
"user user and im a damn carpenter pffft bologna and cheese"
"user nothing like a beer gut and yolked arms?"
"rt user oklahoma losing to isu, clemson hold my beer."
"rt user the original craft beer drinker has logged the hell on .
"policeman fired after commenting on facebook that jihad terrorists should be wrapped in bacon .
"user user i have beer but no pizza"
"rt user me: everything i've done is a mistake and i should die also me: haha the drug man threw the pizza on the roof"
"of course everyone bails on plans after i buy beer smh"
"user damn that spicy italian sausage make a gir's knees give out lmfaoo we stupid brah haha"
"this the only one that make sense . canes nasty asf to me they bread good tho .
"rt user i just want to carve a god damned pumpkin and bake some fucking halloween sugar cookies with someone is that too much to"
"rt user halloween themed reeses pieces chewy chocolate cookies - stingy, thrifty, broke . via user
"van 1: pizza and beers in danville after crushing their first legs. .
"user how was that racist cakes? come on dude. i like your videos but i do not see how any of that was racist."
"y'all kill me acting like up until last year y'all ain consume your favorite cookies &amp; cereal with dairy milk "
"my first checkpoint, and i made it through with a beer in the cup holder and no id"
"rt user user bacon sucks"
"if he cant break bread he a fake, i had one more buck on my plate, it was me and bro and we was in the store both us got a 50 cent cake "
"user i despise bacon unless it's burned! so difficult to order at a restaurant..."
"if u fell asleep drunk n high n woke up drunk then start drinking again you may have some deep seeded emotional issues ... or u like beer"
"rt user you bitches look dumb as fuck commenting "recipe please!!! " under a pic of cheese pizza"
"dunkin' donuts has the worst coffee ever"
"bacon encrusted turkey breast. i weep for people unable to experience this."
"rittman police and fire were bringing home the bacon on this call. .
"user my family has stopped buying kraft mac &amp; cheese bc it tastes awful. the cheese doesnt cover the noodles. yuck "
"wounded fingers beer soap for irritated skin, dryness, softens, moisturize, antibacterial--&gt; . .
"gotta say i was real confused as to how taylor had rep biscuits and then i realized they're cookies. makes a lot more sense."
"i'm in desperate need of a jimmy jaw breaker and cheese on a stick oh and deep fried buckeyes and veggies "
"nothing like a morning jog to digest the pizza i had last night."
"rt user lawyer ty cobb: "nobody in the white house would be this stupid" trump: "hold my beer""
"low carb cauli-pizza . .
"user bro mourinho annoyed me some scouser probably bribed him with a bacon butty"
"dunkin donuts actually has the shittiest coffee of all time....but imma keep drinkin it...n pry get another one later. "
"anyone else love cheese and cake but hate cheesecake / cream cheese??? people think im weird."
"bob evans: what would you like? me: blueberry crepes, sausage links and banana butt bread. i hate myself"
"i accidentally ate a piece of pizza with bacon on it last night and i've been feelin shitty since i woke up"
"brady chose busch light as his first beeri've never been more proud. they grow so fast. "
"user today corsos head may or not be filled with dolly madison cakes due to a typographical error getupitsgameday"
"foods like garlic, onion, fish, meat and cheese can cause bad breath. if you're concerned about your breath, try skipping these foods."
"rt user bad day to be a beer"
"but i get the same pregame meal for every game no matter what and i just don't have the appetite for bbq chicken &amp; mac n cheese at 9 am"
"why couldnt you jus eat the pizza and leave? shits stupid .
"exit 16 dipa in a crowler--can't imagine a better beer to start your friday--manoa beverage is the place .
"user user tyglass in paws from his favorite trail.been ruined by people breakin beer bottles.cant go anymore.goin 4 6 years"
"rt user user who the heck wastes fried chicken throwing it at someone? that's as bad as the college students getting "
"user user that's crazy! was that your first time trying that pizza?"
"user went from least favorite to most. esp smoked on the grill w/mesquite served with goat cheese and a fine balsamic vinegar"
"me: what kind of problems are you having why are you in the er today patient: i don't like soda"
"user user stop selling beer at sporting events"
"new post: chocolate tombstone snack cakes they're to die for! recipe: . .
"user honey on pizza? wtf is wrong with you"
"user user i see cheese all over it. you just got weird toppings you freak"
"user user isn't "cake daddy" like a "sugar daddy," but owns a bakery? or is that like a "baby d .
"yea the pancake block he had. i was referring to the play at the goal line when he was dragged five yards after the .
"user i always get the same thing lol fettuccini alfredo with shrimp and the sausage potato soup! it's to die for!!!!"
"rt user woman on subway: are you weeping? me: its fine. i just remembered i have a frozen pizza i can throw in the oven toni"
"rt user one time my dad was arrested for smuggling a backpack filled with muenster cheese across the utah border"
"user hold on what. there's a crab grilled cheese there? not even joking, you might change my mind on the enti .
"rt user if you're thinking you must get to new mexico and throw a pizza on the breaking bad house, you better do it soon... .
"were custars tonight. check us out at abbeyfest from 8-10, no cover and beer specials. .
"rt user subway cookies is so fire"
"*snifffffffffffffff...* im smelling some treason in the air. also, someone is cooking french fries. but mostly the .
"i don't understand how i moved to pa and neglect philly and their bomb ass steak&amp;cheese."
"movie night..user w/user .. almost died with the clothes in the pizza boxes. how cute are you? crushing."
"rt user tabasco sauce is an insult to hot sauce everywhere. no real american uses it. (except for the chipotle tabasco whic "
"evil genius adulting on tap now. . user beermenus"
"freddy is eating a pizza in a nightmare restaurant. the toppings are the screaming faces of his past victims. "bring me more!" he demands."
"i feel like that's god is punishing me for drinking soda when i know damn well all i drink is water "
"user what do i need to do to not have the pastry on bottom of a beef wellington get soggy? tried twice. failed twice."
"decisions decisions decisions. picking out beer after dinner was tough. user .
"every time timehop shows me a tweet from my chicken nuggets &amp; pizza &lt;3 phase i get a little bit closer to death"
"anybody who votes/voted pizza is a stupid dummy, nachos 4 life! .
"i literally have no food at my place so i ordered a pizza for myself i took a nap and woke up to only two slices left bruh i could cry"
"rt user benjamini: several epidemiology journals have long banned p-values. still gave us ketchup and pizza may prevent pr "
"user user you can't leave me &amp; chocolate cake alone for too long... i told you"
"rt user there is woman crying about someone throwing fried chicken at her through her car window. me: *rolls down window* me next"
"clemson cheese finna lose to cuse"
"friday the 13th has not been good to me, i broke two nails trying to show my girls how to toss and i dropped a whole tray of cookies "
"user oohh i would have beer or liquor.. hmm none of you share with me "
"new halloween ouija board to feed all the ghosts in the neighborhood imaginary ghost cookies .
"user lol.... that's all i got. no beer here !"
"user i miss alcohol so much i thought you were at a bar and the bottom left were beer taps"
"rt user bitches have expensive taste and beer built bank accounts "
"rt user user user what bull shit no questions about no pods and those skittle / can sausage meals , i did "
"captainslog hour 7 had my first customer issue. apparently i'm personally ruining her entire life. is it too early to have a beer?"
"laying my fat ass in the bed eating this pizza im not getting ready until 1"
"me: "can i get a fork?" cashier: "no, i don't have a fork. i have ketchup &amp; mustard." that doesn't feel like a great solution to my problem"
"rice cakes have no business calling themselves "cakes" at all."
"a long day of fighting fires in the rain calls for cookies phillip_girls .
"thoughts during a shitty football game: what causes the constant tiny bubbles in beer? anyone?"
"ware: there's no way there could be a worse analysis than me. tuberville: hold my beer!"
"ever wondered which beer you should be pairing with your meals and snacks? well, wonder no more! read more &gt;... .
"youre not leaving are ya? because you still have that beer and i dont believe in alcohol abuse! says the server to me no, no! says i"
"user you got it all wrong bruh. he's obviously practicing to play whack-a-mole at chuck e cheese without the padded hammer."
""tennessee's red zone offense is awful." jimbo fisher: "hold my beer.""
"user no unlike you i wake up at 4:45am every morning to go to work! i actually have a job! unlike u government cheese eating rat !"
"rt user sometimes i forget that there are people who still drink soda"
"rt user my spanish mom made cookies and i was bored so i made a mini documentary about her behind her back. .
"i really think i scared everybody at shsu in 2k and madden dont nobody play me for bread no more"
"rt user why do people ask "how was class?" like class was class. id rather be wasted on a beach eating pizza, but here i am."
"rt user fox news: record number of children missing from washington d.c. - pizza... . via user
"og cookies and pussy niggas cause i do both"
"rt user soda in a cup phobia .
"rt user moist ok now that the girls aren't reading... sup fellas it's friday who wants grab a damn beer??"
"rt user make halloween cookies and watch scary movies .
"co workers think cause its payday we going to lunch. nah nigga i got pizza at the crib"
"user im so hyped bud i wanna make some halloween cookies and shit"
"rt user look here bitches, we know canes chicken aint shit. thats not why we go there. the bread &amp; sauce worth dealing with that"
"rt user herman talks ou prep, injury updates, and sam bringing donuts, by user . (free) .
"rt user after the big game and dance, stop by tc! grab our $10 bean &amp; cheese dozen taco box from 4pm-midnight. "
"rt user ion do shit i just do donuts in da i8 all day "
"rt user idk - pizza shop ft. yung gleesh, doom &amp; del the funky homosaphien .
"without they sauce and bread they nun unseasoned ass chicken .
"rt user new video! i share my story about mental health, black holes and pizza. . - daniel and depression"
"s/o dat nigga user he broke bread wit me so bitch gtf out this whip if he can't hit it!"
"rt user user lexa likes french fries but i don't recommend them from there. they have a bomb ass buffalo chicken potat"
"i finally stopped stuffing my face and gave the rest of the cookies to my neighbor's kids."
"don't leave campus for lunch. stop by pie five and get your own personal pizza! .
"rt user don't leave campus for lunch. stop by pie five and get your own personal pizza! .
"user i havent been to kfc in so long damn"
"im craving chick-fil-a soooo bad "
"rt user chick-fil-a service is unmatched .
"signed up for cycle class tonight, class got cancelled, to chick-fil-a i go"
"user what i say to myself in disappointment when i drive to chick-fil-a on a sunday forgetting it's closed "
"rt user finally had in-n-out burger, doesn't have shit on whataburger not bad but not as amazing as people said it was"
"dead promoted by burger king they so petty .
"psa tarleton: undercover cop off washington right before mcdonalds fuckin dont speed or do anything stupid"
"user krispy kreme sucks"
"what the hell is wrong with texans players man.. these dudes saying krispy kreme &gt; shipley and another who doesn't believe in dinosaurs"
"user user fuck a krispy kreme donut!!! they can take their donuts back up north!!!"
"rt user mcdonalds sprite will wake up a dead person .
"rt user shawty dumped her au bon pain mac &amp; cheese on him .
"yes, thats a burger patty between two krispy kreme donuts. and yes, i did hate myself after .
"i have a serious addiction to chipotle."
"rt user girls talking bout "mcdonalds unhealthy" bitch so is yo relationship mcstupid ass "
"the one time my mom gets panera bread i can't taste it bc i'm sick "
"rt user kylo ren is a white dudebro who stans rick and morty and only killed han because han wouldnt take him to mcdonalds to get sz"
"so today my sister and i went to get canes for my dad and when we were on our way home we saw him so we decided to stop at jack in the box"
"just when i start to have faith in the user again they stab me in the heart with these krispy kreme truthers."
"i almost called the mcdonalds i went to an told them their food or drink made me sick"
"rt user kylo ren is the perfect villain for our times: a tantrum throwing, know-it-all standing outside mcdonalds screaming for szechu"
"get you a boyfriend who buys you chipotle and then hides it in a place you cant reach "
""i'd rather have kfc" - user not going to say compared to what but you can go ahead and guess smh"
"rt user i have a serious addiction to chipotle."
"rt user rick and morty fans are behind the times; bojack horseman fans have been lining up at mcdonalds to get depression for ye"
"homeless man sobs in burger king but doesn't know his photo is on facebook . .
"dove &amp;; chick-fil-a just gon have to call me nigger to my face"
"i always make a mess eating chipotle"
"user no one wants chicken tenders we want spicy nuggets back"
"today i've concluded i don't like chipotle"
"all of my problems could be solved with a pan pepperoni pizza from pizza hut, a bottle of sprite and carlos coming over and cuddling w me"
"yall the group of people whos gonna be strugglin to pay for a $2,000 car while yall workin at mcdonalds in yalls mid 20s"
"rt user dove &amp;; chick-fil-a just gon have to call me nigger to my face"
"this tweet is seriously promoted by burger king im crying .
"user trade this man!!!! krispy kreme will never be better than shipleys!!!"
"aaaaand pizza hut goes crazy as honduras goes up 3-2 against mexico with a goal from quioto! usmnt currently in fourth"
"rt user for as many people who say they don't/stopped eating mcdonalds long time ago, their shit damn sho be booming all 24 hour"
"be very cautious of people who eat mcdonalds, if they don't care about themselves, i promise they don't care about you."
"rt user kfc's colonel sanders is in wwe 2k18...this is not a joke . .
"rt user chipotles queso was terrible "
"rt user when you just chilling and your girl questioning you why pizza hut is texting you "miss the sausage meat" .
"i asked this bitch for onions at chipotle seeing they were out &amp; i was willing to wait for it, but she said nothing &amp; gave me nothing"
"rt user cops are at wellington mcdonalds where tons of angry people lined up for hrs for rick and morty szechuan sauce only "
"omg everything about jack in the box is so obnoxious. obnoxious sizing, enclosed drive thrus, &amp; they're all in someone else's parking lot."
"rt user dearborn: judge tosses muslim's (frivolous) $100m lawsuit against little caesars . via user
"rt user i dont like chipotle. .
"come get chipotle tomorrow and mention the ole miss equestrian team!!!! .
"i hate it when im on the treadmill and accidentally hit the stop button and go to chipotle and eat a burrito. oops user
"callmejoannethescammer i asked for a large queso at chipotle but they charged me for a regular"
"rt user i want chick-fil-a but i think caity and anna are dead"
"user someone called him out for getting mad that mcdonalds used r&amp;m to sell a sauce when he cribbed his .
"rt user i never do nothing right for you kids. don't give yinz enough allowance, your curfew is unfair, i buy cookies from big"
"user when he killed the railroad worker who placed his beer on the tracks the werewolf drank his beer! and sang the song!"
"low key wanted to beat the pizza delivery mans old ass "
"rt user 1-year-old: *reaches for my beer on the coffee table* me: fight me."
"literally about to go buy a piece of chocolate cake &amp; milk with no regrets bc grading 150 tests is no joke and i'm crying "
"when the lady you hunt for says sorry you didnt get a deer but i baked you a loaf of bread"
"stopped on frat row and donated at least a 30 rack of beer to kappasigma because this sigma alum understands the struggle gotyouboys"
"cheese curds disturb me"
"user user a drop in the cup, assholes! fasting patients who think a lb of bacon is ok before .
"rt user wvu: our special teams are awful. texas tech: hold my beer."
"user wvu lotsa probably just lost my business with this $30 delivery minimum on user when one pizza is less than $10."
"i hate getting to the point where i'm out of beer but i'm not sober enough to go get more"
"want to bake cookies but ill prob fall asleep in the process so thats a no go"
"rt user mountaineer victory cold beer warm fire mountaineernation"
"me at fruth: "hi, how are you" every man over 30 buying beer: "here is my racist opinion on the nfl protests""
"the only time i tried them i threw away the pizza and ate the box. the pizza was slimey greasy and smelled rotten. .
"user user hey i'll take it. who doesn't like sausage?"
"user im going to kill cheese puff if she attacks my foot again in the dark"
"rt user if you're gonna shotgun a beer do it like a goddamn human being"
"x's sonic slicer and rising fire can be fired twice in succession. that makes it useful for dealing with aerial reality stone cheese."
"user no one is going to chipotle to get tacos"
"i want chick-fil-a so bad"
"user its people like me that take 8 chick-fil-a sauces, 2 polynesians and 3 ranches that fuck it up for the rest of yall"
"rt user been had that nigga on the bench...chess not checkers. lmfao .
"somebody please bring me chipotle ill smoke u out"
"rt user kfc you're lucky you're not advertising chicken wings c&amp;d villain .
"what a fucking moron! schezuansauce rickandmorty mcdonalds .
"i haven't at chipotle not one time this week wtf is happening"
"mcdonalds on university so freaking slow "
"we now have a president that outsmarts everyone he comes up against that tries to attack him they're playing checkers now he's playing chess"
"rt user kinda wanna look good in a bikini kinda wanna eat three burritos from chipotle kinda pissed i have to pick one"
"user i never tried it and don't care, mcdonalds is cancer for people"
"mfw this sub stops being about mcdonalds and israel/palestine .
"chick-fil-a or pieology sounds fire"
"rt user i apologize for any offense caused by my insensitive joke video where i dipped an snes classic in a cup of mcdonalds mulan"
"a strawberry shake from chick-fil-a sounds bomb"
"but the burger king is closed they want us to die"
"got this 911 dispatch app and have now deduced that 80% of san francisco crime happens in a mcdonalds."
"if you shoot me the addy for the afterparty i'll bring del taco user
"rt user mcdonalds stunts rating: funny, in good spirit: mcflip ominous, powerful: let's mcfrickin lose it sad, embarrassing: "i'"
"sometimes when i'm bored i go on venmo world and just like random transactions. you bought your roommate burger king fuck ya here's a like"
"rt user "on knees" o mighty god of saturated fat who resides at kfc, attack his heart now!!!! .
"tried the new chipotle queso. its ok, but has a slightly weird texture to it. not sure about that."
"user its not that good lol just go to kfc its the same thing... although their bread is pretty good"
"user i saw a video rn of a grown man jumping up and down on the counter at a mcdonalds demanding sezuch .
"dove and chick-fil-a going just have to call me a nigger to my face "
"rt user szechuan-mcdonalds riots of 2017 is one of the most shadowrun backstory phrases ive encountered."
"rt user furthermore i am suing mcdonalds and china to officially change the name to harmon sauce .
"rt user homeless man sobs in burger king but doesn't know his photo is on facebook .
"user taco bell got some shit del taco undefeated tho"
"rt user if you eat tacos from jack in the box you don't love yourself"
"the only mexicans that some of these americans want are the ones that keep produce cheap and making the fake ass chipotle burritos"
"user user user this is pathetic krystal. just fucking pathetic. blaming hillary for sexism."
"it really is compared to whats out there. sorry not everyone works at taco bell or mcdonalds. .
"just got a chipotle burrito with shockingly few ingredients. this burrito belongs in a dickensian orphanage"
"i liked a user video . kermit the frog gets a blowjob from angry mom in mcdonalds drive thru!"
"i had a gross teriyaki bowl from jack , half a jimmy johns sandwich nd now im sitting at my desk with a bag of hot cheetos nd bbq chips "
"rt user do you think if i cry directly into into my shitty chipotle the spirit of durango will get absorbed and it will magically"
"someone put onions in my filet-o-fish so now im pissed mcdonalds ruined my fave junk meal and i have bad breath."
"user do more videos with your keyboard. i've watched the pizza hut demo disk video around 70 times because of the sick jams in it"
"attn: lifting heavy has exploded. chaos will now occupy participating dunkin donuts locations. line up for extremities enhancement."
"rt user "admittedly im not always the best at this (hello, massive airport mcdonalds)..." . travel "
"fair warning to everyone: chick-fil-a tortilla soup is very spicy "
"rt user they look like an ad for a terrible karate academy that's next door to a little caesars .
"user in custody huh? did they stop at burger king before bringing him in?"
"if you dont favor papa johns over other pizza chains, ur sleep"
"it's been like a month since i had chipotle. my addiction is broken "
"been like a month since i had chipotle. my addiction is broken "
"news via foxnews "burger king's new spicy nuggets are a direct attack on wendy's" . .
"rt user taemin: can we stop by mcdonalds for dinner jinki: no kibum is making food at the dorm taemin: i hate this fuckign "
"user that's why i mentally ill people in hollywood should stay out of politics. you're playing checkers again .
"rt user burger king gotta be the dumbest fast food i've ever seen .
"i just poured a half bottle of wine into a chick-fil-a cup cause i didnt want to do dishes later lazy"
"rt user user user me calling little caesars on your ass after seeing this .
"rt user missing wendy's spicy chicken nuggets? have it your way at burger king . .
"craving checkers fries right now so bad.... had to take a nap to prevent poor decisions"
"kfc puts food on the table. quite literally. they don't want to throw it out."
"rt user yo we back with the fire content! new vlog is up! mcdonalds entire menu! rt for a shoutout! .
"when chipotle knows that their queso is ass so they don't even bother to give it to me when i order it... triggered user
"rt user when chipotle knows that their queso is ass so they don't even bother to give it to me when i order it... triggered user
"how a szechuan-flavored disaster hurt rick and morty way more than mcdonalds .
"user wheat bread is horrible and always go with italian herb and cheese at subway."
"almost all the best fast food is overtly christian in-n-out chick-fil-a cook out wendys made a deal with the devil, hence the square meat"
"so i i just got some chick-fil-a in stone mountain. shit nasty no salt on fries no lemonade in my frosted lemonade "
"rt user damn that's hard. my mind says tropical smoothie to switch it up. but my heart says chipotle .
"rt user chipotle queso is awful. doesnt even come close to user
"chick-fil-a holds a drumline battle . emma-barfield"
"holy shit yall burger king is roasting .
"rt user mcdonald's employee fired for refusing service to police officer. good for mcdonalds! ma4t .
"rt user can we stop calling mcdonalds employees "unskilled workers" because they seem extremely skilled at dealing with your bul"
"rt user dove and chick-fil-a going just have to call me a nigger to my face."
"rt user chick-fil-a holds a drumline battle . emma-barfield"
"don't kill nature! but also lemme eat burger king at 4pm im starving .
"burger king tried to use influencer marketing to war on wendy's, but twitter's ad interface spoiled that lil party."
"mcdonalds publicrelations szechuan mcnugget rickandmorty mcdonald's made a huge mess of a marketing stunt .
"user i mean you cant really have an opinion on that while youre stuffing your face with burger king do you see the problem"
"rt user yall try to cancel cardi at every turn but still out here eating chipotle."
"would kill for a pizza hut cheese pizza or which wich "
"user maybe next time you should skip out on chick-fil-a because they're shit is trash"
"rt user * eats chicken sandwiches * person: you know chick-fil-a is racist! me: oh forreal? damn thats crazy *dips in polyn"
"dont know if i want pizza hut or subway"
"serious gang activity - user police: man arrested after putting soda in water cup . via user
"rt user still human: 5 times nelson mandela got stuck on the roof of a pizza hut . .
"user user i love fried chicken, but kfc leaves my puking. just a mouthful of hot grease. no flavor! thin .
"rt user i haven't even tried chipotle's new queso because chipotle is known for 2 things: causing diarrhea and being inferior to moe'"
"user the pizza hut on bolton rd is refusing to answer their phone and we ordered over 1 and 1/2 hours ago! help!"
"i need a dunkin' donuts strawberry tropical smoothie daily. shit too fye"
"rt user if i wanted fake beef, i'd go to mcdonalds. .
"old food debris, dirty ice machine: douglas county mcdonalds fails inspection .
""man look ... just listen .... uhhh ... hear me out...burger king has some fire ass chicken nuggets. " .
"and now i want some burger king chicken nuggets. fuck"
"hey, user i'm at dairy queen and i'm having a hard time picking what to eat. what should i get?"
"irony is eating white castle cheeseburgers and cookies at 9:00 pm the same night you buy your neighbors treadmill."
"that hair pulling is some weak shit. krystal needed fade that hoe. dynasty"
"damn dude did you beasted those chipotle toilets? .
"rt user this aint even a papa johns pizza, she should be ashamed . .
"rt user accidentally said 'fuck' to a worker at chick-fil-a today and i think that topped every sin i've ever committed."
"everything at mcdonalds is gross, but im not finna let you come for their cookies. youre tripping .
"user taco bell made a fried chicken skin chalupa not sure if it was available here though"
"ok but have yall had kfc cookies? dat shit hits"
"rt user ok but have yall had kfc cookies? dat shit hits"
"rt user burger king petty lmaoooo .
"user no it wouldnt. been to mcdonalds lately! prices are sky high! and you want to make prices even highe .
"rt user &gt;i was starving &gt;ordered ubereats mcdonalds, bigmac meal with iced tea &gt;somehow quarter pounder meal with coke arrived fu"
"krispy kreme isnt all that great"
"rt user rt user how the fuck mcdonalds in walmart dont have caramel???? bitch go get it"
"rt user ive never wanted chick-fil-a so bad"
"user chipotle bbq rub or no dice."
"cuz chick-fil-a dont get your order wrong... u just ordered the wrong thing n they corrected it for u"
"user so burger king is promoting false information (aka fake news) about its competitor?"
"rt user i fuck wit chick-fil-a heavy g"
"spin zone: feel like i have to try chipotle queso now to see how bad it is... bad product=good marketing?? stay woke"
"rt user .user made ridiculously groovy posters for its chicken tenders dipping sauces: . .
"let's not overlook how beautiful the little caesars arena is. hiac"
"doctor's note for food poisoning? : chipotle .
"rt user dunkin' donuts is dropping the "donuts" and eliminating some donuts from their menu. are they crazy? user .
"rt user this week in weird dreams: ominous clocks, meeting zac efron at el pollo loco and naming your son barnacle boy. https:/"
"rt user how the fuck mcdonalds in walmart dont have caramel???? bitch go get it"
"rt user mcdonalds be acting so fucking stingy with they sauce."
"rt user burger king is so petty .
"wtf where is my krispy kreme coupon?!?! im hoping its in haleys wallet or in my car cause bitch i was going to g .
"the trump presidential library is just going to be row after row of empty kfc boxes and soiled diapers."
"man i hate dunkin donuts"
"when ur trying to makeout in a mcdonalds parking lot and a fire truck comes "
"rt user florida man robs wells fargo bank in gainesville, heads straight to kfc with cash redpill goldwater .
"4 classes. work at pizza hut almost full time. now i want to add esports into the mix. no clue how it will go haha."
"rt heidiwaldusky: if you can't beat 'em, join 'em. mcdonalds chobani, even facebook, up their foodporn game. . adv"
"rt user wanna talk about disappointment? last night at the club i was ordering lauren and i jimmy johns and i got to the e "
"rt user octupus-thrower facing lifetime ban at little caesars arena .
"wait... i can get this for free at a mcdonalds? and it's not rare? time to jump on a mcdonald's sales counter and make an ass of myself."
"rt user red wings fan is facing a lifetime ban after throwing the 1st octopus on the ice at little caesars arena "
"rt user hey fans! user maniatour stops at little caesars arena on tues, oct. 24! don't miss out! lgrw details: "
"seeing this was promoted by burger king, i sense a war coming soon. .
"when i die i hope to be buried with a little caesars hot n ready and crazy bread"
"little caesars sucks"
"octupus-thrower facing lifetime ban at little caesars arena redwings bhive .
"burger king is so freaking savage, definitely getting spicy nuggs tomorrow "
"rt user windsor man faces lifetime ban for tossing first octopus at little caesars arena . .
"user the popcorn isn't that good though! before the popcorn we sold trash candy bars for $1 with a $1 burger king coupon"
"i have this weirdly vivid memory of being at boston market labor weekend 2012 and being really depressed lol"
"rt user if youre in detroit, stop by one of the registration tables at little caesars arena. .
"octopus toss earns man lifetime ban from little caesars arena .
"rt user burger king is mad petty. .
"another mean teenager brat was in burger king being rude to the cashier. someone hit these children."
"chipotle queso actually kills it"
"the "mr t" laurence turearud,my dad, and tom sheroski from little caesars! "pity the fool who doesn't order a hot n ready "
"when you have to get burger king because your mom hasn't went grocery shopping in 3 weeks and now you hate yourself"
"grandma got my 1 year old son a jack in the box for his 1st birthday. why? wtf grandma clowns"
"im really in need of some pizza hut crew fun ive had such a shitty day"
"none of the dominos near me deliver and im so sad. i just wanted a pizza. "
"rt user dude hit the manager with his car twice and drove off. hes facing felony robbery charges over a soda at mcdonalds "
"user mcdonalds rereleased sauce in limited quantities last week. fans got angry because they couldnt get it. bad things happened."
"rt user pizza hut is nasty af lets argue"
"so i had chick-fil-a for the first time today. it was good and fresh but to be its not all that. them waffle fries were good as hell tho "
"rt user all my problems would be solved if monroe had chick-fil-a &amp; jamba juice"
"rt user lmfaooooooo rt user how the fuck mcdonalds in walmart dont have caramel???? bitch go get it"
"hell yeah like wtf you pulling out $1200 at mcdonalds .
"think ima go mess with this chipotle"
"any live fact checkers on this trump user interview?? three minutes in and i'm exhausted counting the lies."
"rt user "i need to lose weight" as i order what i want from mcdonalds"
"can this kfc ad stop following me"
"burger king promoting wendys loosing their nuggets is why they suck ass and will always suck ass"
"i once demanded free chicken at kfc and they said "fuck off kaolo koelie". i reported this and their account is sti .
"rt user when you're drunk as hell at mcdonalds at 1:30 in the morning and the police walk in .
"bruh. they be at the krystals on the corner. no lie. same old heads. .
"16:05 reported accident at/near little caesars , 1725 university ave"
"rt user how am i not supposed to believe in conspiracy theories when even chick-fil-a has a secret menu"
"rt user my mood is krystal being upset at jonghyun /everyday/ for giving playboy away"
"some of kfc, wal-mart chicken comes from private prison slave labor scheme .
"i wanna sucker punch this lady in front of me at chipotle ive been in line for twenty five minutes"
"pizza hut taste like shit bruh"
"rt user when ya mom ask ya to stop by mcdonalds but ya remember on march 16,1998 when she asked did ya have mcdonalds money ht"
"a swarm of people dressed as ronald mcdonald apparently regularly attack this burger king. .
"has anyone else carrying around stuck on the subway cookies?"
"user user this guy is horrible, just give us kfc"
"user also when tried to get a poster from mcdonalds an angry fan kicked a glass door open with two middle f .
"nah yall not eating the chipotle right nfs yall cant be lmaooo"
"will i regret never having eaten at a boston market when i die? i kinda think maybe"
"i litterally just did this at chipotle... lowkey now im shook .
"rt user nah yall not eating the chipotle right nfs yall cant be lmaooo"
"user user krystal ball look deep into ur self and note ur bernie purity is pure bullshit. maybe sp .
"shawty dumped her au bon pain mac &amp; cheese on him .
"i hate kfc, but their $5 famous bowl meal changed my life"
"watch: bizarre iphone video captures pregnant woman fighting in mcdonald's! . fight joy105com mcdonalds"
"i've been comin to my local dunkin donuts that the girl who always makes my order has such an obvious crush on me"
"breaking: here's what pewdiepie said off-the-record about mcdonalds: "a dog is failing to meet the standards of words.""
"rt user damn fact-checkers go crazy president trump has made 1,318 false or misleading claims in just 263 days user "
"deadstar is so fucking user krispy kreme yaaa bitch i stay clean ~ - . xxx nsfw adult"
"user ball. and no, that's not a typo. her name is krystal ball."
"wendy's no longer sells spicy chicken nuggets, but burger king does. .
"rt user long islanders get ready for work by waking up, shoving an entire bagel up their ass, chugging dunkin donuts, and runnin"
"i said i didnt like arbys but didnt mind mcdonalds and some guy at work said im a typical fucking millennial. im done"
"user unless dusty is playing chess while everyone else plays checkers but i doubt that very much"
"chick-fil-a doesnt make mistakes. if theres something wrong with your order it was your fault"
"what's up with these petty burger king promotions against wendy's"
"unsurprisingly, this is what my grandmom had to say about mcdonalds: "destiny 2 is failing to meet the standards of cheese.""
"rt user if you havent walked through the fumes of the fidi chipotle chicken vent multiple times a day you dont really go to p"
"user just had chipotle and almost choked on this piece of rice .
"yo the burger king in long beach sucks ass! don't ever go there! they gave me the worst fuckin attitude ever yo!"
"i can't trust people who order a filet-o-fish sandwich from mcdonalds.."
"rt user with chipotle queso!!!! just add a butt ton of salt and will be so much better!!! problem freaking solved user
"rt user - plays ultimate frisbee - suspended for vaping in bathroom - works at little caesars - wears mandals to school .
"user user oh thank god bc chipotle's is garbage and i cry everyday that there are no qdobas or chuys in nyc"
"pizza hut needs to stop spending its dollars on me if the one near me doesnt deliver"
"user all i have is $110 because i had to pay bills today and i did overtime at mcdonalds so can you do $250 .
"tht burger king biscuit looks like itll suck the life right outta you w/o a bev"
"fake news back at it again at krispy kreme .
"rt user something went wrong with the ticketing system; tried to buy star wars tickets and ended up getting mcdonalds szechuan sa"
""promoted by burger king" savage .
"in regards to the rick and morty-mcdonalds szechuan sauce fiasco, even satan couldn't predict the turnout! (hatarak .
"rt user if you're vegan &amp; still eating at mcdonalds wtf are you doing honestly .
"rt user in regards to the rick and morty-mcdonalds szechuan sauce fiasco, even satan couldn't predict the turnout! (hatarak "
"some random number just sent me a work schedule and i just dont work at burger king so idk someones not gonna get there schedule"
"user so is mcdonalds. not my favorite restaurant."
"user you're not even worth taking out to mcdonalds."
"colonel sanders was right kfc became a fucking disaster after he left .
"im tired of seeing burger king promote tweets about user getting rid of spicy nuggets."
"i despise eastgate chipotle"
"i'm sorry but every time the colonel from kfc says "finger licking good" it makes me highly uncomfortable"
"does sign diaz xbox foo idiots womb gofag cnn bay spat soak dixon fl kfc gm fag clash floods ac bulb cock gay foots .
"rt user your mcm paid $300 dollars for some mcdonalds cartoon dipping sauce but refused to donate to puerto rico, he 27"
"user i only beat you in 2 of 3 because you got me in golf but that shit was confusing me but now were settling it in checkers"
"man accused of sexually assaulting 2-year-old in chick-fil-abathroom . .
"everybody that's works at this mcdonalds user has the nastiest attitudes. if you don't like customer service go get an office job"
"trump white house is white bread white, white rice white, no wonder trump and pence have no clue what nfl protest i .
"stop by chipotle on forbes ave tonight and get some grub! if you tell them that pulse sent you we get half of the cost of your meal!!! if y"
"walking down forbes and i passed a mcdonalds and at least 400 rick and morty fans were rioting about trumps sauce ban. oh and i was slammed"
"fucking soccer moms talking on the phone while driving is the worst thing to happen since the krispy kreme closing by me"
"been eating chipotle heavily lately, but the shits been bomb!!!"
"coming 10/12 5-7pm, fire prevention event @ mcdonalds at 1 shadow oak dr, mechanicsburg, in partnership w/ silver spring community fire co."
"burger king so petty tho .
"still dont feel good but at chick-fil-a finna go to work"
