"rt user me when someone says they don't like pineapple pizza. .
"california smoke could damage wine grapes - sky news australia . whitewine winebottle .
"chicken caprese, rosemary garlic mashed potatoes, &amp; honey roasted carrots. this really was fire .
"rt user pineapple upside down cake is good as fuck dont @ me"
"rt user pineapple pizza and candy corn battling to see which one can be the most hated food of all time .
"if you were stuck on an island and the only food supply you had were candy corn &amp; pineapple pizza...what would you eat?"
"user i should have put both as an option. i find it amusing just that people hate candy corn as much as i hate pineapple pizza. "
"candy corn is good bitch so is pineapple pizza and j cole no wonder why youre so miserable .
"people that lack common sense were put on this planet to eat pizza with pineapple."
"rt user wuss poppin twitter, retweet to ruin a pineapple on pizza haters timeline .
"i lied. shrimp. and chicken alfredo + broccoli + fried fish filet"
"user i hate the left behind pineapple juice though. it mixes in with the cheese and i still taste it. "
"this girl got me putting pineapple on pizza wth"
"yooo i knew i couldn't fw my uncle... he puts peas in his potato salad bitch i'm "
"rt user .user fresno state winemaker says smoke is an enemy to wine grapes californiawildfires: .
"how the napa fires could hurt 2017's wine grapes . .
"rt user saving the harvest. sonoma co. winemakers working together to stomp grapes. no power. californiawildfire .
"check this! how the napa fires could hurt 2017's wine grapes .
"user user cauliflower mash is how i cut out potatoes for the most part."
"despite jancis robson i like the boxed wine from florida - pineapple with dense cedary on my lips - darby farms 74pts"
"user this is the worst thing to happen since california put broccoli on pizza. .
"its badass even by burrito standards: hamburrito is here! ground beef, cheddar, bacon, lettuce, .
"go put pineapple on your pizza you weirdo .
"lunch was bomb!!! chicken, burrata cheese, broccoli, and olives! thank you fitbeautyforlife .
"dont live in chicago but craving deep dish pizza? no problem! check out this deep dish spinach pizza recipe! .
"crisis in my household! we're out of lemon juice, which my daughter uses on everything! broccoli. pasta. mac 'n cheese. yes, i'm serious..."
"its 12:30am and in the last half hour i just had cheese (dill havarti- its fine) and left over cauliflower curry. but guess what. i hunger"
"evry damn time i go 2 taco bell it reminds me of the time the worker said 2 me so no meat? when i asked 4 just cheese &amp; lettuce on my taco"
"i'm baking peach cobbler on this rainy saturday! nationaldessertday"
"rt user user user who the hell put apples in the potato salad?"
"user i would black out and grab stupid stuff! a potato, cabbage, a mop... all crap i dont need!"
"rt user guns n' roses user buttercupcake user cherry bomb hydra liner user metal matte palet "
"rt user it's friday, and you know what that means- time eat an entire nutella, oranges, and pepper jack cheese sandwich then fight a"
"user heart attacks are natural. keep eating kfc and meatloaf!"
"not really sure why i have a meal plan when all i eat is potatoes and mandarin oranges?"
"rainy days...= quiche ! multiple types of fragrant cheeses, asparagus, spinach, peppers, shallots, garlic and a g .
"horrible news - panera's broccoli cheese soup isn't vegetarian. "
"user chicken and broccoli for life !! i didnt get a fortune cookie those fuckers"
"user probably mentioned pineapple as a pizza topping. slam! throw away the key."
"i am craving tomato soup and a grilled cheese i hate my life"
"cherry chocolate bomb in cupcake form @ westmont, new jersey .
"order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are a really long baby this bowl? there's also some fried fish"
"rt user pear and almond cake foodie foodporn fake food miniature almond pear cake bake buzzfeedfood sweet eat "
"i hate mia khalifa more than pineapple pizza from cleveland"
"don't buy grapes wow you want this bowl? there's also some fried fish on honey i turn on honey i know you want this man nd"
"no gas? no oven? no problem. cast iron skillet pizza with enoki mushrooms is cooking. (i hope it's good) .
"baby this bowl? there's also some fried fish on the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you"
"chick-fil-a discontinued their chicken salad, and i am livid "
"rt user is this a couch potato? no, its namejiro, the cannibalistic mushroom mascot of the lets eat more mushrooms proj "
"user nothing better than homegrown tomatoes with bacon, lettuce on toasted wheat bread, we are so fortunate."
"user your hatred for pineapple pizza speaks to my soul because pineapple on pizza is an abomination. "
"i desperately need to lose 30 lbs. starting with our weekly pizza night. anyone have great recipes for cauliflower crust pizza?"
"i made stuffed chicken breast with cheese broccoli &amp; shrimps inside &amp; rice on the side my shit lit "
"**woman standing in line to get donuts** i didnt want to get that juice because its basically all apples &amp; thats too much sugar. "
"rt user wondering about effects of ca wildfires on grapes/wine? no hysteria, just science. .
"tfw the doc says no more food &amp; water &amp; you start craving the wildest things. fffuck, id kill for pretzel sticks &amp; mushrooms off pizza"
"rt user kathy and craig hall update: wineries lucky so far but fate of grapes uncertain. form matching fund for victims. https:"
"i smacked my face on a wall for some pineapple freaking pizza! user thedolantwins"
"and we're crushing it! our cabsauv grapes are being crushed and destemmed. fermentationready wine101 .
"rt user kevins gonna come home to some flautas &amp; rice &amp; pineapple cake made by me, im just confused bc he still hasnt asked me to m"
"disappointed in my chicken sub today. i have more bread and lettuce than i do chicken. and i gave a $2 tip"
"making bomb ass spinach bacon &amp; chicken pasta "
"just had a badass grilled cheese sandwich &amp; a tomato soup.. &amp; now im about to take my self a nap .
"rt user rebellious miley cyrus appears in painful images as she drinks a beer being without pants just in a bra &gt;&gt;.
"jollibee is calling my name, and seducing my soul with their cheesy bacon mushroom burger? who doesnt love that? "
"due to time constraints, i was forced to eat string cheese much like one would chomp down on a carrot. needless to say, i now hate myself."
"i just found out user no longer sells hi-c orange soda :("
"user daves cherry cream soda? you sneaky suckers, this shit is the bomb!"
