"looking for a quick and easy meal? try our chicken salad with pita chips, grapes, and veggies! .
"you're kidding! invisible man? the grapes of wrath? how can these be banned? .
"just found out my mom waxed her eyebrows completely off and hers are fake meow. bananas man."
"rt user relationship status: i bought bananas and i don't even like them."
"magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain - bbc news .
"moms beef stew pressure cooker) recipe - . .
"rt user oh no he dropped all his mushrooms .
"game 1: lost 4-3 to d2 peach belt conference columbus state university !"
"two disgusting peas in one disgusting pod .
"magic mushrooms could hit a reset button on depressed brains .
"rt user today'sare sold againdm to buy ur wet pair worn by my peach user user batgot user "
"rt user first grade math makes no sense. i mean, who really buys 34 oranges and 21 apples in one day?!"
"cabbage soup diet for quick weight loss - oogle organics .
"poppa twist cabbage off instinct heres a song for you hypnotize - 2014 remastered version by the notorious b.i.g. .
"guy accidentally buys girlfriend lettuce instead of flowers .
"go green, plant some grapes, granadillas and olive trees please, let us heal this broken world"
"rt user trump's decision to stop aca payments is nuclear grade bananas - a temper tantrum that sets the entire health system on"
"rt user carry cherry riding cock and sucking the other one .
"rt user butcher's bloody mary at user - smoked pork-rib infused vodka, ruby port, tomato juice, srircha sour... .
"user user user i've heard that sales pitch from men, but imo you're comparing apples &amp; rotten seaweed."
"the pear sweater: a feminine dilemma . moms momlife"
"user i just barely recently started putting in that dark sauce (pretty sure it's a plum sauce, could be wrong tho)"
""foiled in congress, trump moves on his own to undermine obamacare" by robert pear and reed abelson via nyt .
"rt user is weird that i rock w/ slightly green bananas?"
"pineapple fanta is what i be on, but my lil bitch drinking straight lean"
"rt user ong bitch i'll be the cutest pear and still look in the da mirror like i am that bitch .
"rt user sex is intimate and sacred. your body's a temple and you shouldn't share it with anyone who thinks pineapple belongs on pi"
"you were right about that fried tofu bitch user i'm "
"i swear this was me and my mom when i had to eat carrots .
"rt user missing the wonders of user nachos and tofu omelette . .
"rt user when u thought the psat was going to b easy peazy lemon squeezy but it was actually tomato tomato difficult tomato tomato"
"user what i dont like is she played the game, now she older &amp; washed up she complains! butter grapes &amp; hypo .
"rt user math problem. i have three apples and am traveling towards you at 17mph. it's not really a problem, more of a warning. apple"
"one guy used the womens bathroom and the other guy dipped some celery in used ranch from another table wtf is wrong with people?!"
"rt user do you think ashton irwin is going to update us on his garden again? i need to know more about his accidental tomato."
"rt user tuna melt &gt; chicken salad anything. suck it .
"rt user today in weird scanner news: someone is throwing bananas at someone else's vehicle. santabarbara"
"young chicken salad sandwich...... of course id be f**king food. smh .
"rt user micheladas taste like tomato soup, disgusting"
"belly belly pier like cherry bomb cherry yo"
"when mario 's been eating the wrong mushrooms .
"princess peach: ms. damsel in distress .
"obsessed with olive garden's peach tea"
"i went to walmart for carrots smh .
"final: coachella valley 29, yucca valley 28. trojans moved it into field goal territory in final seconds but kick misses. what a game!"
"rt user these girls really think eating a lil ass pineapple gonna make their shit taste like a fruit salad. .
"user user i don't care what nationality a grapefruit is, to me it's a greatfruit"
"rt user sara and i went to 3 different 7/11s to find one that had coke &amp; cherry slurpees &amp; my dumb ass tripped up the stairs &amp;"
"rt user off some of pineapple kush og listening @ my dude official super5stoned music new ep! shit go the fuck off... .
"rt user talking leafs and don cherry! listen to her majesty episode 4- i fox with that by smog city sports on soundcloud https:"
"last friday i was given a 1lb bag of peach licorice, today i have five pieces of peach licorice left a tragedy"
"this guy really hates pineapple .
"i'll scream into my own mouth about the bag of broccoli i plan to buy tomorrow you'll hear none of it womanboycotttwitter"
"rt user the only thing i hate about eating spinach dip is that my burps taste like spinach for a solid week in a half"
"i've listened to nothing but joanne newsom from two days and now i only cry tazo peach tea"
"henny &amp; pineapple is really my shit "
"im watching bsd nnd videos and they have a parody w the aph tomato song and im having war flashbacks"
"update: i no longer have any pieces of peach licorice "
"rt user fakeaway friday halloumi, cashew nuts and broccoli curry nationalcurryweek healthylifestyle takeaway "
"rt user magic mushrooms reboot the brains of depressed patients, new study .
"iceberg lettuce is demand exceeds supply with prices in the 40's and headed to 50. huron starts monday but will be light"
"rt user the answer for men who grow "itchy &amp; patchy" facial hair. go from patchy peach fuzz to a full grown burly beard! "
"celery is rising as we enter pre thanksgiving period. brocc a bit weaker; cauliflower should be stronger next week"
"rt user cherry 11 lows .
"rt user mindsci: 'magic mushrooms' may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients, study suggests .
"attempting to make prickly pear jelly. if i can get past the prickles. ouch .
"im gay, but im upset over cherry-picked screenshots because someone wanted to make a bad meme that mischaracterizes others."
"rt user eat your rice eat our cabbage ass bitch. taye diggs took one trip to atlanta and now he just cant seem to find him "
"want to lose weight? replace meat with beans and peas .
"feeling depressed? psychedelic mushrooms might be able to fix that, study finds .
"rt user trying to stop saying crazy (bc ableist) fave alternatives so far: wild bananas ludicrous weird out of control "
"rt user peach live was everything i asked 4 with the giant 2d peaches and yixing+crew's slick choreo hello its the ass bop "
"magic mushrooms might help depression by resetting the brain . .
"rt user niggas roasted me so hard. talmbout i went to prom with cabbage .
"user 'unfit' for presidency = just more sour grapes from election's losing side, unless 'fit' defined as media .
"user apples and oranges. harvey is a fat sick pig"
"user the haters are refusing to go to michigan? well, the apples don't fall far from the tree..."
"rt user "i'm a juicy peach but not everybody likes peaches" -- watch my feature on user w/ user here! "
"rt user i had one job to go to the grocery store and buy lettuce. my ass came home with a damn cabbage!!"
"retweeted chris murphy (user trump's decision to stop aca payments is nuclear grade bananas - a... .
"mantis society study center: lab notes: from missing matter to magic mushrooms,... .
"rt user user sean gets paid to lie and supports a president that lies; two peas in a pod. impeachtrump trumprussia"
"athletes literally make kids lives, but all they wanna do is shame them. or talk about the bad apples. get outta he .
"rt user a coyote surveys the bonino estate vineyards in glen ellen after fire wiped out grapes day before harvest. bob boni "
"rt user girl you got a shape bitches pay for, you better show them what real thiccccc is miss georgia peach .
"rt user made with literally two ingredients : apples + blueberries. seriously, user paleo certifiedpaleo "
"rt user man to cop: i dont like the police cop: i dont like green peas. man: what? cop: oh, thought we were sharing tidbits. bye"
"cherry bomb + find your wings + 2seater + keep da os .
"sorry to all the offended bananas out there."
"peach pendejo escalates active sabotage campaign against aca. meanwhile... .
"adorable! these cabbage patch wigs are so stinking cute for halloween or a winter hat! find them here:... .
"rt user 405n at cherry ave: reports of this motorcycle wreck still in lanes, very slow out of seal"
"a coyote surveys the bonino estate vineyards in glen ellen after fire wiped out grapes day before harvest. bob boni .
"catch user performing at bananas leimertpark tuesday! performing his new single keep that shitty energy to y .
"cesar chavez &amp; dolores huerta: let's boycott grapes so growers stop poisoning farm workers growers: stop disrespecting our grapes"
"magic mushrooms may reset the brains of depressed patients, study suggests .
"rt user sommelier tasting w/blindtasters: grapes r v sensitive &amp; i've not met a single grower who denies global warming.... h"
"rt user hummmm carrot bananas ...her ass all !! .
"spice up your guac with one our favorite recipes six pepper killer guacamole! . .
"it's been 14 years since the black eyed peas + justin timberlake asked "where is the love?" and we still haven't found it. rly troubling imo"
"it was miss peach that used a wrench to break the umbrella"
"user leaving well hurt the community. another good one gone. i honestly think blocking the bad apples is enough."
"user evil knows evil... they r like 2 peas in a pod."
"ate a bunch of grapes to cancel my hot cheeto lunch"
"rt user i just showed my dad user bananas song and he keeps singing it lmao i'm dead"
"tfw you leave but come back with a grapefruit .
"i hate when subway drops onions into the lettuce container. no worse way to ruin a sandwich "
"rt user animal vines 1d i'm mad at you! wait... is that broccoli?! user .
"magic mushrooms reset key brain circuits in depressed people .
"user user user user umm i don't really like mushrooms can you get me like stuffed crust ch .
"rt user when your girl don't want to give you any pussy stick your dick in a tomato"
"user it's about bad apples? why are they eating bad apples? are they throwing them at one another? is that why they're at war?"
"rt user i feel like cauliflower ice cream probably exists and this upsets me."
"user right i got the raised fist thing, it's just any time these right wing dumdums rage about freeze peach, it just makes no sense."
"literally threw up the broccoli my babysitter forced me to eat. i ain't fucking with broccoli .
"hey user - why no kids sizes for 'the celery stalks at midnight' or 'bunnicula'?!! :( .
"rt user -,' cherry bomb ; nct 127 ',- rt = bop like = flop .
"there is no definitie right or wrong everyone cherry picks their morals."
"rt user there is no definitie right or wrong everyone cherry picks their morals."
"imma change it to peaches i am dead!!! user .
"music ~ viaurl=. ~ message=we ate gilberts grapes--ice nine kills lyrics"
"gmo arctic fuji apples, no thankyou! .
"rt user catch user performing at bananas leimertpark tuesday! performing his new single keep that shitty energy to y "
"i'm sorry for all the years i spent thinking peach was better than daisy i was wrong"
"watching user get princess peach and im in tears .
"user mustve eaten a shit ton of carrots around that time? ha"
"user user user user inconclusive study, i see no mentions of ello, peach, path, or beme."
"user it's just sour grapes he can't adjust well to society, so he has to point out all the flaws so he feels .
"rt user we need to do a better job, said schnell. everybody talks about the few bad apples, [but] we dont know who..? .
"user hurt is hurt, bro. he is a proven winner and leader. he will prevail. agree to disagree, peach out doyou"
"almost choking on a piece of lettuce in my sad desk salad is a new personal low."
"tougher than cancer - peach button . user uterine cancer survivor .
"rt user the meatloaf in the back of the fridge. now that's scary. fridaythe13th .
"not all combinations are tasty, this one was bland (cucumber, apple and red plum). no todas .
"i accuse professor plum of committing the crime in the in the 2nd family room with the rope!"
"good night carrots, its the last day of my sister here she going home now :( im sad sksnks i miss josh goonigh .
"rt user today 54ad claudius dies of poison mushrooms at 63. during his reign the empire began the conquest of britain. .
"meatlessfriday idea &amp; recipe tomato egg drop noodle soup # comfortfood .
"breweries don't stand a chance this weekend - drinking a grapefruit ipa at user - . photo"
"rt user pineapple puzzles - 99c for a limited time - a cozy mystery with a bit of a bite that will have you guessing! .
"user user lgbtq folks have seen the religious right for what they are for a while: hate groups with cherry .
"and i'm blaming this on that shriveled dried apricot in chief."
"revenge of the broccoli makeahorrorfilmforkids"
"just walked out of my house i didnt even brush my hair going to buy some tofu so i can make some vegetarian shit"
"fmri reveals that 'magic mushrooms' reduce depression . auntminnie"
"i'll be completely honest.. i just put bananas and granola on some tropical sorbet and it did not taste like an acai bowl.... "
"plum crazy for (baking with) plums . via user
"user honestly i thought that too also what a waste of guacamole like your gun is not that clean ok you can't eat that guac anymore"
"rt user when can i try a pink pineapple? in decades or never never in europe? might have to travel to america for it. no in "
"[psa] head over to . at 4pm pdt for peach beach splash madness &amp; prizes!&lt;-na psn dlc codes(*b .
"rt user [psa] head over to . at 4pm pdt for peach beach splash madness &amp; prizes!&lt;-na psn dlc codes(*b "
"rt user the cherry bomb outfits im screaming .
"is cherry picking hurting your marketing+sales alignment? find out how to solve the problem .
"i thought i was coughing up blood but im faded af n forgot i just had a cherry cough drop"
"south la i405 n / cherry ave **hit and run no injuries** .
"i hate mushrooms but i will eat the fried mushrooms from bww "
"can 'magic mushrooms' kick-start depression help? .
"usd 240 online casino no deposit at cherry gold casino htags: doubledown baccaratcasinoonline ... .
"psa the tomato-mozzarella panini from starbucks is bomb"
"rt user 4/ fuck you with a pineapple. i hope the entire industry comes crashing down around you."
"user "...how many bowls of fermented cabbage they can eat in one session badges?" gil, u r killing me!su .
"ill be at dorsey high from 9am-8pm tomorrow selling chocolate covered strawberries, candy apples , rice krispey treats ,&amp; more ."
"rt user look its a secret bunny meeting. what are they talking about? veggies? carrots? world domination? we will never know htt"
"rt user cutting weight for grappling competition: can lentils help you lose weight? . bjj martialarts"
"valor defeats cherry creek 4-2."
"rt user on the ranch he grew up on, oliver was fed pineapple, asparagus, walnuts, and bananas. then sucked off until he dum "
"rt user user user that's a mighty big pear wtf she scored the holy grail of majestic fruit"
"rt user valor defeats cherry creek 4-2."
"magic mushrooms could 'reset' brain to treat depression . .
"rt user user there was a huge mistake in the script department, doreen was expecting a pear, not a child. pear so "
"peach vodka is gross but imma still drink it "
"rt user such a sick work of art from user holy guacamole .
"why doesnt mexican food come with a tofu option. im not a vegetarian, but i trust tofu more than random meat a lot of times"
"cleanenergy: indy q&amp;a harry reid on why coal industry is doomed yucca mountain still dead and his pick in ... .
"magic mushrooms may be the key to treating people with depression . .
"pro tip: add a shot of aai berry puree to your pineapple juice to cure a crazy hangover"
"trumplethinskin is a crotch-fondling slab of rancid meatloaf botsresist"
"cherry always swoops in tl handle cry babies like- .
"rt user interesting ... magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain .
"rt user websites love to do posts like youve been eating bananas wrong this whole time but heres the thing: no i fuckin havent. shu"
"the dangers of cherry-picking the data on us military readiness to serve a particular narrative: .
"rt user the dangers of cherry-picking the data on us military readiness to serve a particular narrative: "
"so tom petty died and that's horrible, but why the fuck is meatloaf still alive?!? rip freefalling"
"president voldemort is a crotch-fondling slab of rancid meatloaf botsresist"
"news via nytimes "foiled in congress, trump moves on his own to undermine obamacare" by robert pear and reed abe .
"rt user leave it to me to be out for sushi and ask the bartender if i can eat one of the oranges he had in the basket cuz m "
"black amigo numbers got the trap going bananas "
"user user user two peas in a pod. both disgusting fakenewsliars !!!!!!!!!!!"
"dry beans and peas can lower your food bills dramatically. find out how. . .
"user looks awesome..what is in the "prickly pear" might i suggest tequila??"
"i did the beginning of the peach turnip fs nair lock on user and that dude quit out so fast i cried"
"sitting senator calls the potus's decision "nuclear grade bananas". we should be worried right? nucleargradebananas .
"magic mushrooms 'reboot' brain in depressed people study .
"after 2 months of eating way to much apples, bananas, nuts, and eggs, i've started seeing results. it feels really nice."
"user you're delusional. apples to apples comp plans will cost more. crap plans less."
"magic mushrooms could reboot brains in depressed people .
"user user user sins a sin. keep cherry picking the bible though. hypocrite."
"rt user dump so many clips the monkeys outta bananas..."
"old pics of baby lettuce from 2 years ago. i miss my son so much .
"rt user i wish i could wrap this kids dick in spinach and eat it"
"user user bruh literally me, if you dont eat those ga damn peas ima knock ya nose off "
"user you don't have the same values as you. your a scumbag. you remind me of someone. oh hillary. two peas in th .
"rt user why were excited about non-browning gmo apples hitting shelves, in three words: reduced food waste! "
"so i put some green apples in my lunch smoothie..... no bueno .
"can magic mushrooms help to cure depression? .
"rt user user user bruh literally me, if you dont eat those ga damn peas ima knock ya nose off "
"user foh with that cherry bullshit. to the death!!"
"rt user user i'll impersonated jong hyungnim "hajima you ugli peach" "nuemo for lyfe" "caps error" "emo everytime "
"no we don't you ignorant grapefruit .
"if u play the song broccoli any where near me u are officially my enemy"
"one of these nights i'm gonna fling my entire bag of broccoli into the microwave and eat that mofo"
"roasted tofu and grilled seitan dumplings [vegan] .
"this peach looking lying ass bitch .
"user user nooo girl not the sweet peach collection the brand new peaches and cream set with the .
"'magic mushrooms' may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients, study suggests radiology .
"rt user apples vp of diversity and inclusion says shes frustrated by a focus on minorities .
"rt user snatched the last prickly pear cactus! next stop behindtheseeds tour! livefromwdw wdw epcot livingwiththeland "
"the way user vocals stacked and reaching on user dr. davis is not to be played with! user &amp; user is bananas "
"blondie did the same thing to me over some meatloaf smh. i spilled juice in it so i couldnt eat it .
"emergency blimp is bananas, krule did the thing"
"new artwork for sale! - "ancient prickly pear " - . user .
"rt user my brother said beep beep lettuce yesterday and my dad asked what it meant, i said there is literally no meaning, a "
"rt user no pineapple slander on my tl .
"you ever fucked a tomato? its like fucking a sneeze lmfao wth"
"rt user spelling bee judge: your word is "bananas" gwen stefani: oh fuck yes"
"spinach is packed with nutrients that prevent dementia and delay cognitive decline. eat up! .
"rt user money hidden in bananas,this is how money reaches to terrorists nowadays... watch this video .
"rt user yall hear that gwen stefani aint no hollaback girl???? this shit is bananas!!!! b-a-n-a-n-a-s"
"our funky beet juice is kale, chard, pineapple, beet, green apple &amp; lemon! sarasota investinyourhealth .
"my grandma is making me eat lentils cause they're "healthier" n i'm so sad i miss u user
"user meatloaf is honestly a steal for the price."
"user apples is preparing us for when the us collapses"
"when you forget slave labor literally makes your banana republic cloths, and your bananas.... .
"rt user user i hope to god this mushrooms and exposes all the hollywood and politician disgusting pedophiles, perverts and rap"
"user user instead of thinking about how you sound, introspection, you decide i'm jealous. you're a peach."
"alan watts - "existence is quite weird" and "why do apple trees make apples?" .
"if i get an std from these bananas i just bought ima be pissed"
"rt user remember this?apples global troubles with regulators over iphone xs face id $aapl . 09/17/2017"
"pass some common sense gun laws. how about them apples? .
"rt user user scrumping for apples/building bonfires for nov. 5th/playing down the cut &amp; making dams &amp; rafts/taking bee "
"rt user user user i just hope all the rotten apples are removed &amp; punished. someone said the poor get jail w "
"user you don't like apples soft?"
"i burned all my vegan meatloaf so no dinner for me"
"rt user most of our misconceptions about people really just come from bad experiences with a few bad apples that make us jaded toward"
"i don't have a strong aversion to any food but the texture of bananas is bad and sinful"
"rt user psychedelic mushrooms may work magic on depression - . .
"fake news! . via redbubble fakenews the affinity that cauliflower has with black oli .
"rt user gm apples that dont brown to reach u.s. shelves this fall . foodtech agtech ge .
"today is the last day for the roasted pear french toast! don't miss out, you'll be mad @ yourself! we're open &amp; clo .
"user . two peas in a pod.evil begets evil"
"shared via bbc: magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain"
"country music - roses by cherry ghost playing right now. .
"rt user this shit is bananas, b-a-n-a-n-a-s this site should ban nazis, b-a-n-a-z-i-s"
""you are so violent and hurtful and mean while i am but a sweet summer peach that's done nothing wrong.""
"rt user matt is me, apples is school. steph is me at midnight, after having still done no school. .
"guy: "what's that?" me: "smothered cabbage." guy: "smothered in what?" me: "pig""
"rt user if you're a horrible white person, you'll age like day-old guacamole; look at stephen miller: "
"user dont block that beautiful peach "
"user i don't like lettuce don't judge me "
"lmfaoooo pineapple thief .
"imagine watching taeyong dances to cherry bomb shirtless goddammit"
"i die watching cherry bomb choreo even taeyong is all cover up"
"user you been knowing that i don't like lettuce this shouldn't be surprising"
"kiss your peach fuzz and dead skin cells goodbye!! skincarebycuffie nolaspraytan skincare .
"in the 17th with freaky dee smoking broccoli."
"attending scratch perverts live at the bunch of grapes"
"this is making a black mother grab her belt. wasting her bananas. .
"idk if yall have tried the peach vanilla sweet teas from sonic but you missing out if you havent omg"
"user the tomato hornworms you mention in wolfpeach ep are infact demons. they only eat my superhot variety peppers. i despise them."
"user if dinah knew cabbage patch were a backstab since the begining she'll never hug her again and would .
"user cherry nails lol apparently it's a buddhist symbol that racists stole and made it a horrible thing "
"rt user nikita you lying. its peas n rice .
"i just really wanted to listen to "bat out of hell" and i typed "meatball" instead of "meatloaf" on spotify."
"im mad that you sat here and compared a damn football to a pineapple .
"user user user 2 rotten peas in a pod!"
"remember when vic used to get all the apples on niks goals? i miss that"
"hanging out in an outdoor shower with a dozen frizzy-haired mountain girls fighting over butter lettuce"
"user tfw there are no bananas"
"user user user ur lettuce must have come out the closet as not advertiser friendly"
"cherry tomatoes for dessert: sad or rad?"
"user oh shit you just did what the earth kingdom does to the cabbage man lmaooo"
"i be eating straight spinach no tomatoes"
"rt user this is the real person who trump is. he and harvey are peas in a pod. sad that the deplorables harassed and threat "
"rt user i accidentally bought these "cotton candy grapes" instead of normal ones &amp; holy crap they taste like cotton candy.. "
"worse thing to happen on friday the 13th? i went to chipotle and they were out of guac. and tomato salsa."
"interesting, important our vertical farms &gt; 2% harvest waste, &gt; 1% to consumer for kale, basil, arugula, lettuces .
"user by l and clexa fans. and i'm not trying to demonize the fandom here. there are just some bad apples as .
"citrine sterling silver ring 14k rose gold pear cut yellow . via user
"rt user jj abrams is the killer of franchises. the only explanation for why he keeps getting plum jobs is weinsteining."
"user user no grapes of wrath cause cheeto doesn't want the kids to see where he's taking us"
"apples make you feel fuller, longer. but we cant guarantee that you wont want a second green apple smoothie. .
"rt user the magic of my mushrooms: a depressives journey to microdosing by dana p. saxon .
"those better be cheetos in my soup! - im sick so my mom is making me soup dor lunch, and i hate carrots!!! cheetos sick ihatecarrots"
"kojak telly baby cherry sucker time .
"they take what they can get because peach is just a tease mario luigi toad princesspeach .
"rt user lettuce keep you company on this dreary midwest saturday. get your download of ep.159 before you burn the toast. "
"goan lunch for a rainy saturday- vadyancho ros (coconut curry with ash guard chips), cauliflower fodi and sol (koku .
"can i get a gang of those white hotdogs? excuse me? the white hotdogs in the yellow sleeping bags. those are bananas. right? crazy good."
"user me too but as with any carrot-and-stick plan. someone hands out the carrots and sticks. what if they decide wrong"
"true betrayal is when your man gets guacamole on his food knowing youre allergic to avocados just so you cant eat his food"
"user user i would get your weather from somewhere else. the model is cherry picked without a true time .
"how to quietly munch on carrots? awkward"
"soooo...i tried to make blts with no bread...lol romaine lettuce...mayo...tomatoes..turkey .
"rt user 1) trump moron: liddle unpresidented heel covfefe lasting peach tapp council counsel to too attaker hearby hear by sec of"
"so i have a update for yous i'm to sick to make peach pie n ice cream n whip cream so i'm doing that another time "
"rt user user this vile fetid foul fermenting cabbage head ...user user user user user "
"after watching this video, you will never go back to the old way of cutting apples... .
"rt user cherry looks like she runs a tight ship over at her fight club. gotham .
"princess peach is kicking marths ass haha what a bitch"
"prickly pear juice check out our website . . . . radicalcolored food .
"tfw no priest gf to make me mapo tofu and suddenly jump on the table while im eating, yellyorokobe shounen and whip black keys at my face"
"user not sure. then she asked if i wanted tomato chunks on it heresy"
"i've started eating apples while in walking around at work, cause no one questions your authority when you're eating an apple in their face."
"rt user plantbased sources of protein: tofu beans spinach soy meats nuts broccoli potatoes reasonstogovegan"
"bananas going bad? here's a great tip from the sneaky chef - missy chase lapine! .
"rt user cherry bomb .
"user you seriously are so vapid that you can only always resort to hilary. the two are apples/oranges"
"user donny and lou. two peas in a pod. and the pod hates foreigners."
"confession 2 i smoke the devils lettuce i know im goin to get a lot of hate for this im sorry guys....."
"user omg that would be a hoot. i saw an actual evil tree costume i was looking at but didn't even think of throwing apples!"
"people see one, people see all. one bite is enough of rotten apples. moon and his leftist gang are rotten and evil. .
"weirdo wit a beardo @ pineapple island .
"study finds magic mushrooms may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients .
"rt user can you drop off a pound of celery user
"like i'm tryna see some shit while i drive to go buy some bananas"
"rt user no question. then add markel and dario to the mix and thats bananas. .
"user user but serving me peas cooked in a different way is still peas. and i don't like peas. so what then?"
"rt user grapes contain powerful antioxidants known as polyphenols, which may slow or prevent many types of cancer nutrition https:/"
"rt user people who say "holy guacamole" need to stop appropriating my religion"
"user your astute minds have been completely turned into stinking mushrooms."
"rt user user user user happens more than the public hears about!! but we highlight the bad apples becau "
"bbc news - magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain . drugs make people happy? that's crazy! magicshrooms"
"rt user bbc news - magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain .
"there is no denying that apples are a staple for the fall season. .
"peach game ridiculous .
"i want a cherry coke but i don't need it yolo"
"just over here allowing bad behavior for the sake of a photo lincolnandjulie tgif apples for .
"jamaicans cant season properly but im craving some jerk some of their food where can i find some good rice and peas with jerk fish"
"youre fucked up if you liked james and the giant peach growing up."
"rt user i've never met a man with an eggplant for a dick. "
"the roman emperor nero declared mushroomswhich killed his uncle claudius on this day in 54the food of the gods. .
"fallen leaves in an orchard of cherry trees in provence, france, in november. michel gunther / science source .
"i rly love rehydrated shiitake mushrooms but the smell of them before they're soaked is just ughhhhhhhhh bad"
"picking the last of the seasons grapes, with fire raging everywhere . .
"user user is that not sweet plantains? do you guys call plantains, bananas? or is it actually banana? im so curious."
"rt user the roman emperor nero declared mushroomswhich killed his uncle claudius on this day in 54the food of the gods. "
"user bad apples in every large group as we all know. the good ones realize that. it is frustrating to s .
"its fri-yay! im having a pineapple crush cocktail to start off my weekend! for some reason im in the mood fo .
"user bring me an oriental chicken salad, extra chicken, hold the noodle crunch things. they're awful. dressing on the side. thanks."
"rt user user fun fact: scott rudin, scary man, terrified of fresh made guacamole."
"sure is a hell of a day for a heart attack diy bypass w/a grapefruit spoon user user maga .
"cooked chicken with broccoli over rice and chicken dumplings .
"the base jumping in the car to cherry bomb jdjdjdjd"
"i would like the following things delivered to my house by user as i'm sick and can't move: twizzlers panera tomato soup ty."
"this tomato soup wasnt as good as the last one youre slipping oooooooh"
"last weekend, user picked apples and i picked dead leaves .
"mushrooms are gross but they're part of the experience, bitch"
"user i ate a whole ton of carrots thinking it helped my vision so when i failed an eye test i felt so got damn betrayed"
"body and your body and your mind belong to the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you want"
"oh no user you started a peach war. . .
"rt user coworker deadass just said tomato n mootzerella like his ass drivin a dam gondola thru venice rn or somethin"
"magic mushrooms may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients . via user
"denver just had its first big freeze/snow and our tomato and pepper plants died. these little guys are growing near .
"nowplaying scary cherry and the bang bangs - girl on fastcast4u.com user user
"farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are not fixing to get over in my lane"
"ok what the hell is the point of a cauliflower meatball that has dairy and gluten in it"
"rt user picking the last of the seasons grapes, with fire raging everywhere . .
"no one wants to see my plain ass oatmeal / protein shakes and rainbow carrots with hummus"
"rt user lonely big baby w no friends is sitting on a dirty ass bench eating garden tomato almonds at community college enjoying t"
"medical xpress: magic mushrooms may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients .
"user why so glum, mr plum"
"pelvic meatloaf release punishing new video for "scars" watch it here and get your ass kicked! .
""pineapple is for no one but yourself""
"via user magic mushrooms can help reset the brain and stop depression: scientists . | .
"sage-like advice: whenever you feel sad, instead eat lots of pineapple. it is impossible to be sad while eating delicious pineapple."
"rt user the world ends the way a peach goes bad. a few soft spots and a transformation to sweetness. . https:"
"user user user i'm sorry but that's cherry picking. how about standing up for women and sho .
"this man nd the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are a really long baby this man nd the"
"rt user user maybe i don't want to marry a pineapple"
"breaking: magic mushrooms can help reset the brain and stop depression: scientists .
"i'm drinking vodka and pineapple juice and i just left the barber. i'm gonna be obnoxious on snapchat tonight"
"user i think normila died after camally went together to ts concert. that time cabbage patch dodged ally to "na .
"rt user latest raw story info: magic mushrooms can help reset the brain and stop depression: scientists "
"apple loop: new iphone x problems, dangerous design decision, apples ar failure . tweet4mee"
"rt user no carl, thats not lettuce! .
"rt user donovan once told me i shouldn't like bananas because i was a lesbian....now i'm dating that dumbass...how?"
"rt user bbq albino broccoli made me scream .
"user user like what will happen if i kill someone with the poisonous mushrooms? do they no longer .
"eating clean on friday night is a snap! eat snap peas &amp; other veggies to keep u on track until ur cheat day! .
"why is my tofu so ugly"
"user you say that like putting your peen in bombers' bbq tofu burrito is a bad thing."
"user nothing too exciting lol chicken, cabbage, white rice &amp; corn on the cob"
"user no way guacamole is ass man!!!"
".user advice for confronting racism: you can love your granddaddy but call him out &amp; then ask him to pass the peas. beingfearless"
"the real problem with eating a whole pineapple every day is that when you stop your body freaks out and you don't poop for a week"
"rt user evil eye earrings lampwork hearts in plum pink- hamsa e107 . jetteam hamsa .
"imagine being a mighty emperor and dying from a damn mushroom... life is cruel .
"omega_institute: .cornelwest's advice for confronting racism: you can love your granddaddy but call him out &amp; then ask him to pass the peas"
"user 40 plum point rd., elkton, md... a very haunted house &amp; property"
"empty nest diaries: my dad forages for mushrooms now."
"day 2 of my "plant based" diet and i just ordered chicken salad sandwich. first thing i thought was that i screwed up because of the mayo."
"cherry 11 lows .
"america! an angry red tomato is squinting at you from two equally repulsive angles! maga or something terrific an' .
"fear of mushrooms conquered (stolen from moochl ) @ do hwa .
"user peas are shook "
"not fixing to the u.s. government he is with the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are"
"rt user i remain confused about who tf martha is &amp; whether grapes are or ever were involved .
"rt user how difficult was it for him not to say "popped my cherry"? do you think he stumbled over "cherry" to get to "quest "
"to the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are not fixing to get over in my lane"
"i step into the batter's box with a big bulging cheek you're like damn this dude's packing a fat lip of dip i spit out a whole plum"
"rt user 171014 # jaehyun nct127 cherry bomb .
"rt user user next: schools ban broccoli, citing concerns over taste."
"roasted cauliflower brain with green slime hummus and dead mans finger sandwiches.. | claire justine .
"seriously obsessed with guacamole salsa "
"user the u.s. had a bad tomato crop this year"
"dragon fruit is a hybrid of the prickly pear!!!!! "
"i'm sorry becky but drinking a green concoction of kale, lettuce, veggies, and other horrible tasting stuff doesn't .
"user pomegranates are i don't like most fruit cuz i'm allergic to some of it i only like bananas, stra .
"bit the hell out of my lip eating carrots. health food my ass."
"rt user cherry bomb is goosebumps when you see it live...nct127 is really amazing!sm did something right here... nct127 "
"so-long summer growler promo starts today for a limited time... upcide down (pineapple) &amp; hammahd (watermelon) are .
"i don't understand how someone can think grilled onions and mushrooms are nasty. i could eat an entire bowl for lunch. don't @ me."
"hey clemson fans, fuck your 31-0. how those oranges taste? 27-24 cuse"
"rt user i'll never be able to top user going with broccoli rob, so i'm not sure i'm going to try. .
"user peach fuzz being ripped off hurts more than waxing i may have to try that mask again"
"rt user when college football teams bought oranges low, and sold oranges high syracuse .
"oil and tomato sauce... microwaved, fucked this container up smfh.. just throw it away. .
"woodford rye, vermouth, cherry bitters. as user said, its manhattan season."
"rt user me and you by peach!!! full song dropping on soundcloud soon!!! if this gets over 150 retweets hell drop anoth "
"rt user watching people meal prep they dry ass chicken breast and broccoli for the next two weeks....... .
"this peach tea is so damn good "
"user user usually 10 or 12, but yeah. a few bad apples can ruin the effectiveness of an agency. loo .
"rt user .user - i miss home - listen: . - cherry avenue - .
"user user they eat to much guacamole and its now encompassed their brains ! cut off the guaca .
"rt user im going to user ill be the one with the pineapple upside down in my cart"
"can magic mushrooms 'reset' depressed brain? - user user . depression .
"user well, now, that's just a cherry of hypocrisy on top of a shit-ton of hypocrisy in a big ass waffle-cone of h .
"user i hate avocado so, so much. avocado and guacamole and anything else having avocado in it, keep it away from me lol."
"rt user new story: fighting irish football team make it 14 in a row keeping the irish-knight on cherry street gofargoirish ht"
"rt user not sure what to cook with a bag of lentils? user has you covered with 20 tasty recipes: "
"user my biggest regret is the time i thought your mangos were apples"
"rt user cherry picking an example is never smart. talent and discipline are not the only variables. all of history? discipl "
"dang user cant even get fresh guacamole to start the day.... .
"magic mushrooms reset the brains of people with depression newsweek .
"halloween is coming and we've got the trick to ward off vampires and bad dates!!! spicy broccoli loaded with garlic .
"user user comparing health srvs to supermarket? cancer treatment to broccoli? a broken leg set/c .
"user no meat. just pasta, sauce, and spinach."
"rt user there is no such thing as gm lettuce, but that hasn't stopped living fresh from labeling its bibb lettuce non-gmo: "
"user sounds like a bad weekend to be a peach twisted tea"
"user no asshole...what is "nuclear grade bananas" is democrats belief that they did not have to follow the constitution."
"trying to distract myself from the horrific reality of daily life by learning about edible wild mushrooms"
"user apples movie ends with matalica st anger so you wont win apples film is better"
"boyfriend of the year fuxking piece of shit ruined my minis peach pallette and vacation pallette u clearly see in t .
""girl on lsd" - tom petty (1994) . psilocybin in magic mushrooms reboots brain for depression .
"the low carb diabetic: chicken casserole : slow cooker recipe .
"rt user user sounds like a bad weekend to be a peach twisted tea"
"i missed all of depression cherry bc of this handlebar mustache mother fugger"
"i also made the mistake of telling my mom user had an eggplant that needed cooking and now she keeps shouting suggestions at me."
"ill never look at grapefruit the same way again girlstrip"
"user what does columbus smell like? garbage? rotten bananas? just been wondering"
"rt user it wouldn't be homecoming without a cherry on pep rally! oh and did we mention user stopped by? .
"i farted in the shower and it stunk so bad it smelled like sour steamed broccoli."
"rt user for most people, weekends are for relaxing. for hecklers, weekends are for rotten tomato shopping and complaining about"
"user holy shit strawberries and apples"
"user user shakespeare said it so much better. ) howtrumpsolvesacrisis ...fired this rotten .
"so many doctors will tell people with thyroid disease to avoid cruciferous vegetables, such as kale, broccoli and .
"rt user user user are white people the ones who wanna ban muslims because of a few bad apples lmao"
"no fuck you and fuck pineapples on pizza .
"my family has mango and grapefruit trees but unfortunately i dont like grapefruit and the past summer the mango tree didnt bear any fruit"
"halloweensexadvice don't try any clever bobbing for apples trick this year, that shit will get bit off."
"user user not at all, youre making a completely different argument, apples to my oranges."
"rt user an ann a day keeps the bad vibes away!! day 8!! today's ann brought to you by tomato cheeks!! .
"i'm seriously craving apples and clementines, this is not a drill"
"cover your dick in celery salt and go fuck yourself. .
"user u gon cut the pineapple for us"
"the liberty cap: roman slavery, revolution, and magic mushrooms | oxfordwords blog .
"fuck peach from mario kart"
"ready to wash this stress down w pineapple amsterdam"
"i get more shit for my mango pineapple water than i did for smoking"
"cherry just saw that other side of me in the worst possible way and i feel like an "i'm sorry" will never be good enough for what happened"
"how do you wear fancy clothes n shit and not like broccoli??? how do those correlate?"
"rt user how do you wear fancy clothes n shit and not like broccoli??? how do those correlate?"
"rt user i be putting limn y sal on everything.... lechuga, carrots, pepino, bean sprouts, radish, dick"
"rt user grocery store is sold out of la croix, coconut water &amp; bananas (and i'm pissed off about it). welcometokona triathlete"
"user broccoli rob says no"
"user boy what i swear when you wake up some of the black eyed peas be on yo plate bc i snuck them on there"
"user marlon just said he wants to team w/ leroy, but he doesnt want to work with bananas at all, so he would work w/ the outsiders"
"just take your "veggie platter" of only carrots and no dip and go, karen."
"rt user croissantfriday is here. pain au chocolat, butter, pear &amp; chocolate, peach &amp; brie, ham &amp; cheese, and more! stop by "
"cold bananas are the best, but if you leave them in the fridge for to long they go bad "
"yall are so worried about stupid shit while bananas might go extinct"
"the fruit is called cowtongue prickly pear"
"rt user yall are so worried about stupid shit while bananas might go extinct"
"the littlest bit of heat &amp; sunlight will literally turn me into a tomato for an hour. now, if only people would stop staring"
"i eat organic peanut butter and bananas for breakfast, my mother would be so sad"
"i was always that weird kid who served themselves a huge plate of broccoli alone on field trips."
"hope he is run out of town... and boo'ed... and gets hit in face with a rotten tomato or egg. .
"1 of the coolest articles ive read magic mushrooms may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients . via user
"rt user nah that's peach beach in mario kart .
"rt user user frozen turkey meatballs &amp; frozen broccoli, microwaved, with jarred tomato sauce on top; crushed red "
"have i ever mentioned how much i hate celery "
"rt user i hate rasins ewwwww why do they put these wrinkly lil grapes in trail mix????? it's a no from me"
"3rd visit to user so far this year. trying a fried stuffed chicken wing. i miss the fried green tomato l .
"yo idk what it is but fruit salsa is my new thing. im here for it"
"salads with and fruit and nuts are yom too especially when there is spinach involved"
"user i'm tired of tomato sauce "
"rt user medical xpress: magic mushrooms may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients . the future of medic"
"okay, so (apparently) if you eat 400 bananas at once, the potassium overdose can kill you. .
"user you know i waited over a month and you guys sent me the wrong product i ordered tricot not peach skin what now?"
"rt user lmaooooooooooooooo rt user niggas roasted me so hard. talmbout i went to prom with cabbage .
"i hate when i get bananas too early .
"finally coloring and cutting my hair today!! since its fall, im going to do a dark color plum finally"
"large numbers of jews believed yeshua from the beginning, but then a few rotten apples mat19:2-3"
".user okay, so (apparently) if you eat 400 bananas at once, the potassium overdose can kill you."
"user i hate tofu "
"user user user s&amp;p is minuscule compared to the dow. stop cherry picking."
"via user // magic mushrooms reset key brain circuits in depressed people .
"til i hate celery."
"user mind blown. cursing mad. broccoli."
"rt user psat2017 :remember not to talk about the psat online me: give me my illegal tomato memes"
"rt user granny smith apples are really fire "
"all i've had today was a iced toddy so i'm feeling kinda crazy. little loopy off the walls bananas , you know?"
"user pineapple... smh, should be illegal."
"user brooooo, those 3 fights this weekend good ass fights. don't really care for mares and leo steady cherry pickin"
"is this a reason for catalonia to stay in spain ? spanish firm touts low-fat avocados. guacamole weekend .
"i am so mad right now. i went to the grocery store because i ran out of zucchini and cauliflower. i was waiting... .
"magic of my mushrooms: a depressives journey to microdosing dana p. saxon . mentalhealth depression brainbody"
"i hate this frost commercial. you already ordered the guacamole. not eating it isnt gonna save you any money."
"rt user i hope the antioxidants from my grapes are battling the pesticides i'm too lazy to wash off my grapes."
"dude, i get home from work and open snapchat and the first thing i see is that bananas might go extinct, wtf man!! i am enraged!"
"anyone who says the genuinely like celery is lying"
"distressed black cherry with ruby velvet trim hataholics warbonnet @ warbonnet_hat_works .
"rt user "why eat a veggie burger if you have no disires of eating meat ? your full of shit you just wanna be a personality and be"
"user and maybe three links will serve some damn fine cherry pie that evening...."
"might fuck around and watch james and the giant peach"
"user no pic of lettuce burger tho d:"
"just spent $40 on a sashimi lunch, and i don't care. been eating nothing but chicken breasts and raw spinach for two weeks now."
"rt user at least you can press mute on one of these annoying oranges. .
"rt user get your tickets now for the user production of james &amp; the giant peach.hurry! show dates are limited to o "
"user you guys should be getting as much shit as them.. good to see ya in a cherry mood, not like beating yourself up would help."
"send help, user is down and i'm going nuts time to blast infected mushroom and order a .
"them niggas swallow pineapples... on pizza.. yuck .
"hey user i received horrible customer service at your pearland location off 2234"
"damn that lady even wasted her broccoli and cheddar soup (which you know she was looking so forward to eating) on t .
"citynewstoronto 37-year-old woman accused of abusing a dog aboard a ttc subway in august appears in court .
