"AT_USER no unlike you i wake up at 4:45am every morning to go to work! i actually have a job! unlike u government cheese eating rat !"
"rt AT_USER fuck the wheat and white bread. im eating my sandwiches with this bread .
"rt AT_USER i broke bread when i aint even have bread to break"
"rt AT_USER fuck the wheat and white bread. im eating my sandwiches with this bread .
"rt AT_USER sometimes i forget that there are people who still drink soda"
"rt AT_USER my spanish mom made cookies and i was bored so i made a mini documentary about her behind her back. .
"i really think i scared everybody at shsu in 2k and madden dont nobody play me for bread no more"
"rt AT_USER why do people ask "how was class?" like class was class. id rather be wasted on a beach eating pizza, but here i am."
"rt AT_USER fox news: record number of children missing from washington d.c. - pizza... . via AT_USER
"og cookies and pussy niggas cause i do both"
"rt AT_USER soda in a cup phobia .
"rt AT_USER moist ok now that the girls aren't reading... sup fellas it's friday who wants grab a damn beer??"
"rt AT_USER make halloween cookies and watch scary movies .
"co workers think cause its payday we going to lunch. nah nigga i got pizza at the crib"
"rt AT_USER first time streaming together! this is something you do not want to miss! bring the beer, we'll bring the wine! joi "
"AT_USER im so hyped bud i wanna make some halloween cookies and shit"
"rt AT_USER rebellious miley cyrus appears in painful images as she drinks a beer being without pants just in a bra! .
"rt AT_USER his dad was a dead beat he was spending all that bread on designer 3 piece suits lets start a dialogue .
"rt AT_USER look here bitches, we know canes chicken aint shit. thats not why we go there. the bread &amp; sauce worth dealing with that"
"rt AT_USER i don't want to hear another goddamned republican crying in their beer. this their mess. they knew. take action or go fuck"
"rt AT_USER herman talks ou prep, injury updates, and sam bringing donuts, by AT_USER . (free) .
"rt AT_USER after the big game and dance, stop by tc! grab our $10 bean &amp; cheese dozen taco box from 4pm-midnight. "
"rt AT_USER ion do shit i just do donuts in da i8 all day "
"rt AT_USER these slices are 5x the size of a normal piece of pizza and the toppings are insane. who's down? jacksribeyeburger "
"rt AT_USER if you dont encourage my intellectual, artistic, or spiritual growth i will not be sharing my pizza with you. maybe you ca"
"rt AT_USER idk - pizza shop ft. yung gleesh, doom &amp; del the funky homosaphien .
"without they sauce and bread they nun unseasoned ass chicken .
"rt AT_USER new video! i share my story about mental health, black holes and pizza. . - daniel and depression"
"s/o dat nigga AT_USER he broke bread wit me so bitch gtf out this whip if he can't hit it!"
"rt AT_USER me: eats a whole pizza my friends: that's kinda unhealthy me: .
"rt AT_USER AT_USER lexa likes french fries but i don't recommend them from there. they have a bomb ass buffalo chicken potat"
"i finally stopped stuffing my face and gave the rest of the cookies to my neighbor's kids."
"don't leave campus for lunch. stop by pie five and get your own personal pizza! .
"rt AT_USER don't leave campus for lunch. stop by pie five and get your own personal pizza! .
"rt AT_USER AT_USER you have no idea how deep the rabbit hole goes remember the 65000 hotdog party. hot dog is code fo "
"AT_USER i havent been to kfc in so long damn"
"im craving chick-fil-a soooo bad "
"rt AT_USER chick-fil-a service is unmatched .
"signed up for cycle class tonight, class got cancelled, to chick-fil-a i go"
"AT_USER what i say to myself in disappointment when i drive to chick-fil-a on a sunday forgetting it's closed "
"rt AT_USER finally had in-n-out burger, doesn't have shit on whataburger not bad but not as amazing as people said it was"
"AT_USER krispy kreme sucks"
"what the hell is wrong with texans players man.. these dudes saying krispy kreme &gt; shipley and another who doesn't believe in dinosaurs"
"AT_USER AT_USER fuck a krispy kreme donut!!! they can take their donuts back up north!!!"
"rt AT_USER shawty dumped her au bon pain mac &amp; cheese on him .
"yes, thats a burger patty between two krispy kreme donuts. and yes, i did hate myself after .
"i have a serious addiction to chipotle."
"the one time my mom gets panera bread i can't taste it bc i'm sick "
"hey AT_USER i received horrible customer service at your pearland location off 2234"
"rt AT_USER havent ordered pizza hut in a while i wonder if theyre worried about me"
"so today my sister and i went to get canes for my dad and when we were on our way home we saw him so we decided to stop at jack in the box"
"just when i start to have faith in the AT_USER again they stab me in the heart with these krispy kreme truthers."
"get you a boyfriend who buys you chipotle and then hides it in a place you cant reach "
"rt AT_USER i have a serious addiction to chipotle."
"homeless man sobs in burger king but doesn't know his photo is on facebook . .
"i always make a mess eating chipotle"
"AT_USER no one wants chicken tenders we want spicy nuggets back"
"today i've concluded i don't like chipotle"
"all of my problems could be solved with a pan pepperoni pizza from pizza hut, a bottle of sprite and carlos coming over and cuddling w me"
"rt AT_USER krispy kreme donuts have no real bite or chew to them. they taste like disappointment, dreams deferred and broken pro"
"this tweet is seriously promoted by burger king im crying .
"aaaaand pizza hut goes crazy as honduras goes up 3-2 against mexico with a goal from quioto! usmnt currently in fourth"
"rt AT_USER kfc's colonel sanders is in wwe 2k18...this is not a joke . .
"rt AT_USER chipotles queso was terrible "
"rt AT_USER when you just chilling and your girl questioning you why pizza hut is texting you "miss the sausage meat" .
"i asked this bitch for onions at chipotle seeing they were out &amp; i was willing to wait for it, but she said nothing &amp; gave me nothing"
"omg everything about jack in the box is so obnoxious. obnoxious sizing, enclosed drive thrus, &amp; they're all in someone else's parking lot."
"rt AT_USER dearborn: judge tosses muslim's (frivolous) $100m lawsuit against little caesars . via AT_USER
"come get chipotle tomorrow and mention the ole miss equestrian team!!!! .
"i hate it when im on the treadmill and accidentally hit the stop button and go to chipotle and eat a burrito. oops AT_USER
"callmejoannethescammer i asked for a large queso at chipotle but they charged me for a regular"
"rt AT_USER i want chick-fil-a but i think caity and anna are dead"
