"rt user "reminded me of stephanie plum mysteries." fans of janet evanovich will love the scent of lies " 
"the 6 best apples for baking | via user - . yes, please. culinaryarts fallapples . 
"i liked a user video . ddg - "lettuce" ft. famous dex (official music video) reaction!" 
"user user ok. while i wash roman, you get seth and dean. for some reason, i smell apples, too. . 
"rt user "ooooohhh yummy grapes!" . 
"rt user three days left to enter drawing for copy of historicalsuspense peach blossom rancher. . giveaway" 
"calcium helps build strong bones; you can also build strong bones by eating yogurt and spinach. . 
"rt user spinach, yellow pepper, spicy mustard, sprouts, cucumber, avocado, onion and hummus plantbasedvibes . 
"rt user halloween autumn - 10 places to pick your own apples and pumpkins near dc! apple jackolantern pumpkin cider . 
"looking for a quick and easy meal? try our chicken salad with pita chips, grapes, and veggies! . 
"rt user florida woman comes home to find naked woman eating pineapple in her house because florida . https:/" 
"rt user [ordering pizza at last supper] judas: yeah, that's right! lots of pineapple toppings on the pizza." 
"rt user pineapple boats food is more fun eaten out of an edible bowl. user user . 
"teens! see what tasty creations you can make at our caramel apples event! nomnomnom... . 
"you're kidding! invisible man? the grapes of wrath? how can these be banned? . 
"just found out my mom waxed her eyebrows completely off and hers are fake meow. bananas man." 
"im so grateful for tomato soup jesus. so grateful." 
"rt user relationship status: i bought bananas and i don't even like them." 
"magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain - bbc news . 
"moms beef stew pressure cooker) recipe - . . 
"i made zoodles with vegan cauliflower cashew alfredo sauce and no one else in my family is interested. " 
"rt user did you know pineapple skin reduces inflammation, boosts the immune system &amp; contains anti-cancerous properties? : . 
"rt user keep your bud light tears . 
"i want some curry shrimp &amp; cabbage" 
"bake chicken, baked sweet potatoes and mixed vegetables " 
"user he has very strong views. they mostly involve whipping cream, roasted chicken and smoked salmon. oh, and chipmunk." 
"rt user oh no he dropped all his mushrooms . 
"game 1: lost 4-3 to d2 peach belt conference columbus state university !" 
"rice, steak, macaroni and steam cabbage" 
"user my fav. one side no bananas! cant wait!" 
"roasted thyme carrots - the flavor of the sweet carrots alongside the fresh thyme is simply delicious! . 
"rt user appreciate you tuning in! . 
"when you want a quick snack, make a peanut butter sauce, lettuce and grill some chicken for a wrap thats healthy a . 
"rt user user user user user we need this show. we're gonna drive you bananas asking for this . " 
"two disgusting peas in one disgusting pod . 
"dear neighbors, please ignore a random pineapple you might see being tossed around. just go with it." 
"that's a lot of cabbage.....sad what's happening in knoxville... . 
"user user user user user user user user user . 
"user user user user it's comparing apples to oranges "figuratively". not "literally". grammernazistrikesagain" 
"rt user in retaliation for a fisherman's death by shark, florida fishermen murdered an endangered scalloped hammerhead. a " 
"i eat so much potatoes that i'm starting to look like a giant potato..... with blonde hair" 
"chick pea, kale &amp; mint salad with sun dried tomato vinaigrette sharing a popular recipe from the cooking show.... . 
"we gonna be this season . 
"rt user two peas on a pod. user . 
"rt user * relationships like this &gt;&gt;&gt; bae: you think you cute huh ? yo grapefruit head ass. me: . 
"user lots of cooking. steaks, potatoes, lots of bacon-y things." 
"user user growing his own potatoes" 
"user i'm going to try to make a tofu, vegetable &amp; noodle stir-fry tonight. " 
"rt user one year of eating only potatoes, this guy transformed his body into something amazing . 
"rt user "as gentle as a cat touching a cherry" . 
"magic mushrooms could hit a reset button on depressed brains . 
"michael sent me a turnover shirt and peach rings and several other cute things so basically he's my favorite person . 
"rt user today'sare sold againdm to buy ur wet pair worn by my peach user user batgot user " 
"rt user good morning everyone, except for people who put bananas in the refrigerator." 
"rt user if my grandma had wheels she wouldve been a bike . 
"rt user community you are needed! please call cherry creek school district 720-554-4475 and let them know mrs. lyons... . 
"update: ciroc &amp; white cran peach" 
"rt user rumors that wigan are looking to sign chelsea midfielder kevin de bruyne, possibly allowing james mcarthy to move on... thou" 
"rt user first grade math makes no sense. i mean, who really buys 34 oranges and 21 apples in one day?!" 
"user out if starts bringing extra spinach , he may jump up and spit his pipe out popeyethesailorman careful ladies " 
"cabbage soup diet for quick weight loss - oogle organics . 
""this isn't a tomato it's a tomato heirloom" . 
"peach paul mason = summer '15" 
"rt user 7 cool things you can do with bananas . 
"nycwgkta spicy seafood ramen with tofu . 
"organic cabbage using fishnure only. . garden . organicliving" 
"user oranges for the orange queen! calligraphies unto the calligraphy monster" 
"video...'halloween treats'... graveyard guacamole (baked chips)... dress of your favorite guacamole... . 
"user grapes for the grape god! jelly unto the jelly throne" 
"he is yelling his feelings out, ya little mushrooms." 
"user eyes for the eye recital! oranges for the orange sandwich" 
"healthtip: do you suffer from constant fatigue? fuel yourself with energizing foods like oranges. . 
"user tractors for the tractor queen! stomping grapes for the stomping grape president" 
"poppa twist cabbage off instinct heres a song for you hypnotize - 2014 remastered version by the notorious b.i.g. . 
"my healthylunch spinach tomatoe onion kale avocado with a splash of lemonjuice . 
"'festive stew'...slow cooker beef bourguignon... slow cooker beef bourguignon has crazy tender melt in your... . 
"guy accidentally buys girlfriend lettuce instead of flowers . 
"user plums for the plum community! for the queen" 
"organic cabbage tastes better. . . fertilizer organicgarden" 
"rt user adult snap 25 for peach loverssquirt club every fridm for ur passbatgot user user " 
"rt user me when someone says they don't like pineapple pizza. . 
"user im on my second mikes black cherry harder so . 
"user oranges unto the orange god! yellows for the yellow friend" 
"if you havent gotten a peach ice cream slush from sonic then you havent lived life my friends " 
"go green, plant some grapes, granadillas and olive trees please, let us heal this broken world" 
"the big boy tomato plant with fishnure is the one at the bottom of the picture. . organic garden manure fertilize" 
"let's pop some white cherry" 
"rt user trump's decision to stop aca payments is nuclear grade bananas - a temper tantrum that sets the entire health system on" 
"user tried the pineapple float for the first time yesterday! addicted" 
"rt user carry cherry riding cock and sucking the other one . 
"halloween themed eyes! blacks, purples, and oranges with eyeliner to make the spider webs! it's . 
"the winners! mom and son from heber springs made a delicious cherry cordial chocolate chip ice cream. user . 
"rt user oranges! we give fresh fruit, yogurt &amp; water with every order &amp; delivery. water still hard to find - major shortag " 
"black apple crossing black jack (user is on, replacing black apple crossing princess peach (user 
"user air max 1 premium (velvet brown/dusty peach) - $110 available at rck in-store and online rockcitykicks n . 
"rt user y'all are sleeping on meatloaf, the king of rock, and i know it" 
". new! sweet violet &amp; grapefruit hydrating mist" 
"user i'd say read em and weep but you have no conscious so i won't waste my time. you will be a pariah . 
"rt user butcher's bloody mary at user - smoked pork-rib infused vodka, ruby port, tomato juice, srircha sour... . 
"rt user they are relevant every year? 5 top 10 finishes in the past 10 seasons. conference championships every where they g " 
"dinner special! 12oz prime rib, mashed potatoes and mixed veggies. $22 try it with our polka party oktoberfest! . 
"every tweet in this ss is about potatoes . 
"broccoli salad (with bacon ) is one of those things i love to make just so we can snack on it. but it's also the . 
"user user user i've heard that sales pitch from men, but imo you're comparing apples &amp; rotten seaweed." 
"rt user mcdoulett picks apples off an orange tree and then makes the best dang lemonade ever. mcdoulettfrom35" 
"rt user sheet pan stir-fried chicken teriyaki with pineapple recipe from user . . 
"chicken fried rice with mushrooms....kind of...riced cauliflower lol. foodporn foodporn food . 
"rt user oh yah! marinated duck breast with carrots covered in ramp butter and homemade french onion soup . 
"user i sticked with the carrots and broccoli till the chicken was ready " 
"tomato mayonnaise preparation time: 15 min., cook time: null min. . . 
"rt user makin mashed potatoes out that ass . 
"user a lot of food in a pineapple" 
"young lipton iced tea peach . 
"user black eye peas*" 
"you get my love. holy guacamole. you get my love, user beautifultrauma . 
"rt user who cleans the kitchen after a family celebration featuring pineapple upside down cake? &gt;&gt; . " 
"user young peach tea" 
"rt user [hq] 170813 suho cr.peach fuzz . . . " 
"rt user corn makes whiskey. wheat makes beer. grapes makes wine. potatoes make vodka. can't get drunk without farmers. merica. na" 
"stars havent been on the right path for 3-4 years. for me, when they couldnt find a way to fit kelsey plum into their game plan, it was" 
"delete this . 
"i......can't.......wait!!!!! . 
"dinner for the family eggplant parmigiano-reggiano . gettingsaucy iwillfindmywayback . 
"currently making s'mores caramel apples " 
"user user you are attracted to potatoes humble yourself" 
"rt user this is tiara, cappy's little sister. she lived in the cap kingdom until bowser kidnapped her for peach's wedding o " 
"again baseball is absolutely bananas" 
"the pear sweater: a feminine dilemma . moms momlife" 
"you keep drinking pineapple juice like youre gonna hook up with someone " 
"rt user harry klee fixing the tomato industry psat . 
"impeachment probably won't save us from trump. but the 25th amendment might. . shared from my google feed" 
"bananas postseason baseball is so much more amazing to watch when your team isnt playing. i love this nlds game 5 (for a host of reasons)!" 
"rt user sloth eating carrots . 
"user i just barely recently started putting in that dark sauce (pretty sure it's a plum sauce, could be wrong tho)" 
"rt user grab your pineapple and mark your calendars! psychthemovie is coming to user on december 7! . 
"california smoke could damage wine grapes - sky news australia . whitewine winebottle . 
"rt user this may be trumps most insulting scam yet demforce . 
"i took your picture with one particular reason and it's to capture your character. . 
"rt user i know this is sour grapes but that's not the point of replay .... oh did i mention the umps have been trash" 
"user pineapple belongs on pizza" 
"rt user one pot creamy chicken and broccoli pasta . 
"halloweensexadvice practice bobbing for apples." 
"rt user a quick and easy side dish! i love to eat these with a big, juicy steak! balsamic shallot mushrooms . 
""foiled in congress, trump moves on his own to undermine obamacare" by robert pear and reed abelson via nyt . 
"arabs inch closer to yucca valley. . 
"rt user is weird that i rock w/ slightly green bananas?" 
"user what's your standard fav from jersey mike's? i love the italian w/ cherry pepper relish. that stuff is magicccccc." 
"about me: . 
"pineapple fanta is what i be on, but my lil bitch drinking straight lean" 
"rt user the magical beauty of mushrooms captured by jill bliss . 
"og shatter infused tomato bruschetta on a grilled infused baguette vip exclusive!! the . 
"rt user cuties mandarin oranges' non-gmo label is not cute! every citrus product on the market is already non-gmo: " 
"see this great recipe for vegan tomato &amp; mushroom pancakes. must do! . healthy cooking . 
"rip ma nigga grapes" 
"user latest broad city episode ("mushrooms") made me think of you with this line: "hen of the woods are literally like whut." " 
"me as a teacher except replace pomegranates with grapes . 
"rt user so f*ck twitter womenboycotttwitter . 
"rt user spinach and arugula and a delicious dressing make these tuna sliders an incredbly easy weeknight meal! " 
"5-1 baby, how ya like them apples ??? flyeaglesfly . 
"young mashed potatoes . 
"i'm so stoned i took a picture of my spoon full of broccoli cheddar soup because i thought it look like an alligator . 
"rt user i know rose mcgowan got suspended for tweeting ben affleck's phone number, but i'm gonna do this. home: 1-800-matt " 
"user pineapple does not go on pizza!" 
"rt user i took your picture with one particular reason and it's to capture your character. . 
"rt user why thank you maam. i got some good twitter thumbs when im on that good tequila and devils lettuce. kidding. (ab " 
"rt user ong bitch i'll be the cutest pear and still look in the da mirror like i am that bitch . 
"poor people real life. one pound of beef, a bag of potatoes and a bag of rice can feed you for a week." 
"song i gotta feeling by the black eyed peas np . music hiphop rnb bestofhitsurbanradio" 
"cherry waves, hole in the earth, change in the house of flies &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;" 
"stir fried spicy pineapple pork lettuce wraps from user fridgg chili garlic porkloin redonion . 
"chicken, potatoes, cotija bacon japanese mayo corn puree, basil oil, and pineapple chipotle . 
"rt user 171013 peach - lay zhang yixing showcase fancam 1080p . . 
"rt user "my safe word is pineapple juice" i'm hollering . 
"rt user this rescued bat makes the cutest little sounds while munching on grapes . 
"rt user sex is intimate and sacred. your body's a temple and you shouldn't share it with anyone who thinks pineapple belongs on pi" 
"white girls make chicken dumplings the best and dutch pies and bomb mash potatoes so don't say they can't cook homie let me tell you lol" 
"lol so i bought some extra firm tofu. what i do with it? vegan vegetarian yall better not talk me into some dumb shit lmao" 
"rt user we have to have the power of imagination. says agnes varda after she talks a bit about her first art installation made of" 
"rt user . free gps hook up site.. get u some big bareback dick bbbh adam4adam grindr scruff " 
"chicken caprese, rosemary garlic mashed potatoes, &amp; honey roasted carrots. this really was fire . 
"rt user set it and forget it. the best apple crisp made in the slow cooker! recipe &gt; . apples " 
"young broccoli salad . 
"rt user birds in cherry blossom tree . 
"usgs reports a m1.22 earthquake 25km n of yucca valley, california on 10/13/17 @ 4:40:55 utc . quake" 
"we couldnt hold our placer conservator event without the support of our generous sponsors. thank you, peach arts. . 
"mushrooms are trash" 
"user user yo fuck that guy i heard he plays peach nice to meet u btw my name is ino yamanaka" 
"you were right about that fried tofu bitch user i'm " 
"thanks megan! . 
"user user they are a bunch of sour grapes britt." 
"rt user yixing performing peach!! . 
". user how do you like them apples? eh user 
"pear shape opal ring by bridalrings via user . 
"las vegas would be great for the stars because they have a star; kelsey plum. star player. star city. perfect fit." 
"thats what i figured tulip . 
"cherry limeade is legal crack woohoo . 
"there was a 0.9 magnitude earthquake 25km n of yucca valley, ca earthquake caearthquake" 
"tomato and lettuce on a burger was a great idea" 
"rt user country fried cauliflower "steak" recipe on . right now! check out the perfect " 
"rt user tomato and lettuce on a burger was a great idea" 
"i swear this was me and my mom when i had to eat carrots . 
"rt user missing the wonders of user nachos and tofu omelette . . 
"rt user pineapple upside down cake is good as fuck dont @ me" 
"rt user when u thought the psat was going to b easy peazy lemon squeezy but it was actually tomato tomato difficult tomato tomato" 
"kiwi pineapple powerade &gt;&gt;" 
"giv pls ty . 
"someone ate my cherry garcia " 
"i'll take her job. apple black diversity chief whitesplains how 12 blue-eyed blond men can be diverse . via user 
"rt user grab the nike air foamposite one "eggplant" via finishline sizes available here -&gt; . . 
"rt user a relationship. . 
"rt user if cherry glazerr can go on tour with slowdive then u can ask ur crush who is 10x better and literally nothing like u" 
"user user you called it plum sauce. i am shooketh" 
"rt user when youre ordering pizza and your homie wants to add pineapple . 
"rt user my safe word is pineapple juice" 
"user what i dont like is she played the game, now she older &amp; washed up she complains! butter grapes &amp; hypo . 
""we should do mushrooms in hawaii sometime"-hfetalks" 
"rt user whip up this cheesy broccoli dip and binge watch a show! it's deliciously gooey . ad " 
"i hope the whimsically shaped chicken breast and forest of broccoli helps neutralize the endless fried shrimp i jus . 
"rt user fat burning foods: grapefruit, watermelon, berries, hot peppers, celery, greek yogurt, eggs, fish, green tea, coffee, w" 
"he kinda looks like he just smoked the devil's lettuce . 
"user user well it is dark in color and sweet like a plum sauce plus i have no asian cuisine kn . 
"please rt! recipes food dessert tofu &amp;038; beet pancakes, gluten-free . . 
"the movie "knock knock" is bananas." 
"wow did i really just make mashed potatoes" 
"user young guacamole, which sounds legitimate." 
"user cherry" 
"rt user user the combination of celery being both bland and edible make it the perfect utensil for me to eat ranch" 
"rt user chick peas are just like regular peas, except they can never find anything to wear &amp; spend too much time fucking around wi" 
"rt user inspire productions are always top notch! . . 
"should i eat an apple or a pear" 
"rt user user user user speaking of...."two peas in a pod".... . 
"i learned all about that grapefruit today. " 
"fact tangerines have three times the amount of vitamin a as oranges! . 
"rt user tomato cheeks . 
"rt user math problem. i have three apples and am traveling towards you at 17mph. it's not really a problem, more of a warning. apple" 
"rt user you should never pick mushrooms. i mean, think of those homeless smurfs." 
"salt and pepper crispy tofu, rice, &amp; bok choy made by user . 
"user user yes and it's amazing! attending the park festivities, but expo tix would be the cherry on top! entered" 
"one guy used the womens bathroom and the other guy dipped some celery in used ranch from another table wtf is wrong with people?!" 
"user wish my name was kaylynne and i got a skittles surprise and waiting for the peach rings and gummy worms" 
"rt user do you think ashton irwin is going to update us on his garden again? i need to know more about his accidental tomato." 
"rt user singing about sweet potatoes in the form of hoobastank with hemmotron user ashtons instagram story . 
"rt user tuna melt &gt; chicken salad anything. suck it . 
"i got a buffalo chicken wrap with lettuce but for some reason there was rice in it? that's not right...buffalo and rice wtf??" 
"this is our purpleback gorilla and when dried and cured it has a grape fruity musty cherry . 
"and some kettle corn and some white cheddar corn and some actual corn on the cob with mayo and cheese and butter and some spinach dip" 
" shampoo bar, solid shampoo - pink grapefruit solid shampoo bar - curly... shop now . . 
"(ad) grainfree chai spiced pear coffeecake user . via user . 
"user user lmao; that what i was telling liz (my fianc) babe we have a grapefruit tree it is meant to be" 
"rt user tempting and spicy pickled pineapple pineapple pickle recipe . . 
"peach foodporn foodporn healthy yummy foodie . 
"rt user today in weird scanner news: someone is throwing bananas at someone else's vehicle. santabarbara" 
"i liked a user video . after our feature logo (celery's world title card)" 
"rt user risotto with sauted partridge breasts and apples autumn on a plate! . recipes cooking " 
"lobster mushrooms .. laeats hellofoodie . 
"rt user broccoli sprouts: natures most powerful cancer-fighting food.. health superfood" 
"rt user eat your pineapple. guys will be begging to swallow . 
"rt user connecting at dinnertime with instant pot chicken parmesan casserole . via user 
"check out 1940's vintage peach lace trim lingerie bed jacket ecru blue satin bows smocking . via user 
"user user wow becca, going with the classic plum sweater. very fall." 
"noses are chestnut peach blossoms are deepskyblue sugar is sweet and so on" 
"rt user so it's not grated carrots? . 
"rt user fettuccine alfredo with broccoli &amp; grilled salmon. . 
"fourth quarter update: yucca valley leads coachella valley 28-21. arabs ball 94-yards away from the tying touchdown. . 
"young chicken salad sandwich...... of course id be f**king food. smh . 
"rt user fourth quarter update: yucca valley leads coachella valley 28-21. arabs ball 94-yards away from the tying touchdown. h" 
"rt user if i could just eat potatoes from wallys in beverly hills every day i would be so happy" 
"rt user pineapple fanta with a splash of actavis" 
"rt user micheladas taste like tomato soup, disgusting" 
"simple idea by healthyfoodadvice lettuce lechuga tomate pepino cucumber chicken pollo . 
"user you have some yummy peach buns " 
"best distracting crowd calls ever: light the candle! &amp; mashed potatoes! what a way to make golf not so quiet and bo . 
"belly belly pier like cherry bomb cherry yo" 
"cv's still got time to smash yucca valley to smithereens" 
"autumn ros sangria with apples and pomegranates sangria ad wine user happy weekend! &gt;&gt; . 
"rt user in class: 2 + 2 = 4 homework: 2 + 4 + 2 = 8 exam: john has 4 apples, his moms train is 7 minutes early. calculate th" 
"rt user when people turn you down, it usually has to do with them and not you. ask someone else for what you need. -cherry har" 
"user grapefruit?" 
"rt user three grapes in a pod . 
"when mario 's been eating the wrong mushrooms . 
"user they're actually baking apples but i eat them raw . 
"me: babe, can you peel these potatoes? user i need music playing *music plays* c'mon get your game onnn "damn it babe!" " 
"princess peach: ms. damsel in distress . 
"rt user 146. ) i have to restart my potatoes . 
"yard house spinach cheese dip is my favorite !!!!!" 
"user fried potatoes from this mediterranean spot i go to" 
"obsessed with olive garden's peach tea" 
"young meatloaf . 
"rt user pineapple pizza and candy corn battling to see which one can be the most hated food of all time . 
"rt user pineapple goes on pizza idc dont @ me" 
"user did it have peas" 
"user user with a cherry on top" 
".user held a ciso panel discussion during their innovation accelerator meetup . user user 
"made spinach &amp; ricotta stuffed chicken breast with feta and lemon tossed asparagus over fettuccini " 
"user a grapefruit homie?-" 
"i went to walmart for carrots smh . 
"my top lip smell like pineapple juice" 
"rt user australia - almost 90% of edible tomatoes thrown away based on appearance! more on this study user at " 
"wow! coachella valley scores with 24 seconds left and goes for two and gets it! arabs lead 29-28 over yucca valley. . 
"everything made from scratch mmm just needs pineapple . 
"user user user he likes those bananas" 
"let's go!!! . 
"rt user more evidence of how the word "diversity" is useless in trying to address systemic racist and sexist discrimination: https" 
"user user ok but true, us fighting for the mashed potatoes on thanksgiving" 
"user peach looking sexy as always." 
"final: coachella valley 29, yucca valley 28. trojans moved it into field goal territory in final seconds but kick misses. what a game!" 
"rt user new character for halloween, short stack pigolin! her name is perigold. she likes mushrooms and might be a witch. " 
"mmm. grapefruit, tropical, pineapple, a little brown sugar, malt. malty, s... (mega blazing world) . 
"rt user why do people hate vegans who cares if you don't eat meat or dairy like yall are grown ass people mad at someone eating t" 
"user ew. but i am not above letting my kids dip their broccoli in queso." 
"rt user we had bonded!!!! and then it just decided to walk off a cliff while i was getting apples for it!!!!!" 
"rt user these girls really think eating a lil ass pineapple gonna make their shit taste like a fruit salad. . 
"young carrots . 
"user user i don't care what nationality a grapefruit is, to me it's a greatfruit" 
"user i can tell you right now. most if not all furries are very nice despite the few bad apples you see, an . 
"rt user user bahahaha! how do you like them apples user don't let this dotard intimidate you into anything " 
"rt user davido sang "banana fall on u" &amp; u nigerians sang along.. now u're wondering why we have monkey pox? monkeys fall o " 
"cheesy potatoes make my knees weak.. " 
"if you were stuck on an island and the only food supply you had were candy corn &amp; pineapple pizza...what would you eat?" 
"i want pineapple and strawberries. right. about. now" 
"user pineapple pizza is trash. " 
"rt user apple: diversity can be just 12 dads. just 12 blonde haired, blue eyed dads. . 
"had so much fun cooking on my hestancue tonight. beef &amp; broccoli...step by step for perfect results. user . 
"mira loma ca usa - forklift / cherry picker operators general labor 154 needed immed - s... . riverside jobs job" 
"mikey and harvey... two peas in a pod! both liberal hollywood sickos! . 
"user i should have put both as an option. i find it amusing just that people hate candy corn as much as i hate pineapple pizza. " 
"who puts apples on pizza" 
"rt user ive come to the conclusion that pineapple ... belongs on pizza " 
"tryna pop mikeys edm cherry &amp; get him to go to escape with me " 
"rt user i don't do many political tweets but this raccoon eating grapes is very important. . 
"grapes and buttons" 
"tomato sauce?" 
"enjoy this clip with me impersonating user from pineapple express . 
"user cherry picking. not very becoming on you. when is your wife leaving you? when are you leaving? wh . 
"rt user come here and eggplant emoji me, baby" 
"rt user when your tomato has enough pigment and nutrients to supply it with an adequate amount of sugar psat psat2017 . 
"rt user hozier // cherry wine . 
"can princess peach say f*g?" 
"rt user in 1992, eazy-e signed the black eyed peas to ruthless records. . 
"tomato troll . 
"but not one iceberg lettuce was seen . 
"rt user guacamole is so goooooood" 
"fresh and vibrant asparagus salad with oranges, feta and hazelnuts . . 
"nothing beats a vegan burger. . recipe veggie veganburger . 
"rt user mri scan of broccoli. imagine seeing all of these slices at once. you'd have 4th dimensional vision! . 
"nowplaying adult black cat by acid black cherry - listen now: . 
"looking like mash potatoes lol im good . 
"the uber has the greens beans potatoes tomatoes song in his playlist playing in the uber rn " 
"unicorn hair museumoficecream cherry cottoncandy @ museum of ice cream san francisco . 
"rt user my new video features lettuce wraps using autumn produce for a sweet &amp; savory flavor! recipe: " 
"user dude i'm eating pineapple pizza and it reminded me of u" 
"user do you use tomato juice, mustard, beef broth, worcestershire sauce, and sour cream? that's the only way i know. " 
"rt user looking like mash potatoes lol im good . 
"user he performed peach lol . 
"2013 user brandingiron user cabernetsauvignon currants, cherry, blueberry, earth, vanilla, spic . 
"user ooh!! love!!! i love cabbage!!" 
"nowplaying broccoli (ft. lil yachty) - d.r.a.m. . 06:08" 
"coachella valley . beat yucca valley . 29-28 on thu oct 12 # football capreps" 
"i have ripe avocados off my tree and ripe bananas! . 
"selfhelp,#survival,#tools this titanium coated pen drops a 300lb attacker like a sack of potatoes . 
"current frustration: i wanna post "cherry raisin" on my facebook but i can't let my mans no i care that much." 
"this is that pear kush. its flavors are classic kush, with citrus on the exhale. you'll feel stoned, with munchies and couch lock." 
"user user a bowl of cold tomato soup &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; the wayans" 
"rt user deej - bananas (crush on you remix ) video out now . 
"rt user sara and i went to 3 different 7/11s to find one that had coke &amp; cherry slurpees &amp; my dumb ass tripped up the stairs &amp;" 
"user in college my go-to order there was a veggie burger with veggie chili, veggie chili cheese fries, and a c . 
"rt user my thoughts on peach mus . 
"tonight...im gonna cry about jaehyun . 
"rt user 171013 airport peach gru . 
"rt user return of the vegi. the last vegi. four giant carrots with one massive leek in the centre makes up the vegi temple." 
"the tacos i made for dinner already thinking about what i can do to make them better: nooch, pickled red onions, and lentils." 
"user purportedly, artificial banana flavor was designed to taste like gros michel bananas, which is why . 
"black cherry gots to be one of my favorite flavored ice cream " 
"black eyed peas still slaps af" 
"rt user off some of pineapple kush og listening @ my dude official super5stoned music new ep! shit go the fuck off... . 
"my greatest strength is common sense. i'm really a standard brand - like campbell's tomato soup or baker's chocolate. -katharine hepburn" 
"these shmack don't @ me . 
"rt user talking leafs and don cherry! listen to her majesty episode 4- i fox with that by smog city sports on soundcloud https:" 
"rt user i caught cherry kiss touching her pussy in the park! 1 thing led to another &amp; she got anal creampie watch it all " 
"what is invisible and smells like carrots ? rabbit farts" 
"last friday i was given a 1lb bag of peach licorice, today i have five pieces of peach licorice left a tragedy" 
"rt user whoever invented carrots was gay af just a buncha orange dicks lol" 
"this guy really hates pineapple . 
"pineapple belongs on pizza " 
"user nyc i like central park in autumn, i have never been to japan, but i am in love with the cherry blo . 
"rt user black eyed peas still slaps af" 
"two peas in a pod . 
"user "i am irresistible. and adorable.. and i know you like bananas" he chuckled, nuzzling their nose toge . 
"user i've been studying decalcification if the pineal gland. pineapple, avacado, banana, watercress, cocon . 
"inside apple's arkit and visual inertial odometry, new in ios 11 . 
"was going to go to bed early today but discovered a new song &amp; now eating pineapple &amp;making a new spotify playlist based on the song " 
"i'll scream into my own mouth about the bag of broccoli i plan to buy tomorrow you'll hear none of it womanboycotttwitter" 
"feeling like the mash potatoes to the main steak @ " 
"rt user i feel attacked user . 
"rt user the only thing i hate about eating spinach dip is that my burps taste like spinach for a solid week in a half" 
"user 95? them grapes better be ripe" 
"rt user fingerlings toy review: go bananas with baby monkeys . 2017toys toyreview" 
"but all i can think about right now is pineapple pizza " 
"rt user him: wyd me: oh, just using my electric toothbrush to fertilize tomato plants so i can have the best of both tomato worlds" 
"i've listened to nothing but joanne newsom from two days and now i only cry tazo peach tea" 
"rt user frosted wine bottle with hand painted purple grapes green . via user 
"candy corn is good bitch so is pineapple pizza and j cole no wonder why youre so miserable . 
"user candy corn, pineapple pizza and j cole? can i get your dealer please?" 
"hes in jail . 
"rt user user candy corn, pineapple pizza and j cole? can i get your dealer please?" 
"rt user like if this is the worst tweet of all time. (disregard the facts at the end) . 
"henny &amp; pineapple is really my shit " 
"rt user floral pillow cover turquoise orange peach grey green on black background.. . handmade " 
"rt user date a girl who likes pineapple on her pizza" 
"im watching bsd nnd videos and they have a parody w the aph tomato song and im having war flashbacks" 
"user wow but pineapple on pizza is so good especially w bbq chicken" 
"i've been eating chicken avocado and spinach almost everyday and i'm surprised i'm not tired of it yet lol" 
"cherry picking! lol local cherry orchard only hires anti-vaccers, production increases by 340% . via user 
"update: i no longer have any pieces of peach licorice " 
"i taste like oranges &amp; honeysuckle... don't @ me" 
"rt user more dope shots from user . 
"rt user carina likes candy corn &amp; pineapple on her pizza, and chocolate with salt. imma disown myself from this family" 
"rt user cherry drippers @ los angeles, california . 
"iphone x has a great secret feature - forbes vrai777 $v mobile tech . 
"a bowl of grapes is all i've ate today fmllllllll" 
"rt user foodporn honey garlic chicken over rice with asian salad for dinner tonight, who wants some . 
"rt user this is cold . 
"cherry red heelporn . 
"i need ice cream or grapes. ),:" 
"rt user fakeaway friday halloumi, cashew nuts and broccoli curry nationalcurryweek healthylifestyle takeaway " 
"rt user green apples contain more vitamin c contents, so eat green apples for healthy skin! healthyeating healthyliving . 
"breakfast is ready! soyrizo. potatoes. black beans. tacos. whatveganseatforbreakfast . 
"rt user magic mushrooms reboot the brains of depressed patients, new study . 
"rt user pineapple original watercolor painting from kauai hawaii . via user watercolor art etsyspecial" 
"rt user heirloom spinach and purple kale pizza on our house made gluten-free crust. we worked long and . 
"9 amazing cauliflower carb swaps... . . 
"iceberg lettuce is demand exceeds supply with prices in the 40's and headed to 50. huron starts monday but will be light" 
"bitcoin is going bananas . 
"friday foraging what are your favorite things to forage? ours are mushrooms and blackberries photo via . 
"rt user the answer for men who grow "itchy &amp; patchy" facial hair. go from patchy peach fuzz to a full grown burly beard! " 
".user flashback. my 2011 interview with the legendary roger earl; how he pairs rock 'n roll with wine. . 
"celery is rising as we enter pre thanksgiving period. brocc a bit weaker; cauliflower should be stronger next week" 
"agedashi tomato tofu at shunji in west la. technique, flavor, and presentation. this is a classic la bite. . 
"rt user an estimated 30 trucking businesses paid *any* estate tax last year. using same method, i get 10 (ten) farms . 
"rt user cherry 11 lows . 
"rt user mindsci: 'magic mushrooms' may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients, study suggests . 
"this is what's true: . 
"a sea turtled named peach was released after a surgery to remove 4 feet of fishing line she swallowed. . environment" 
"miss target, don't worry shooting same movie wmt, global 10/14, 7pm local, 25-10k usd, meye fbi, swallow, cherry,1st pd gum for employees!" 
"rt user the cherry peach mimosa . 
"i wanna make a pineapple bowl tonight. last ones i made were hella good " 
"rt user yeah, this is an apples to apples comparison. . 
"user hi, it happened to someone else too. here's a solution: . 
"get a 24 pack of sanpellegrino prickly pear and orange sparkling fruit beverage! $15.19! . . 
"rt user jbuc mushrooms are coming! a happy family of coprinus comatus [shaggy mane / coprino cabeludo ou barbudo] " 
"rt user "i like pineapple on my pizza" . 
"user you also voted for 23 million people to lose their health ins ken. . . 
"rt user psilocybin may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients . via user 
"rt user user user user who knew peach beer would be so tasty" 
"kid's lunch today: beef, romano beans, broccolini in cream sauce; mashed potatoes... . . 
"rt user product managers at twitter now has a new goal to aspire to thanks to user . 
"attempting to make prickly pear jelly. if i can get past the prickles. ouch . 
"user i wondered what happened to all the mushrooms planted at chernobyl" 
"user ohhhh the corn cherry scones. i would get one every other day at least." 
"im gay, but im upset over cherry-picked screenshots because someone wanted to make a bad meme that mischaracterizes others." 
"rt user our team helped feed hungry families by bagging over 13,000 lbs of apples &amp; 4,000 lbs of dry goods! " 
"coconut rice and bananas. trying to be great this morning." 
"rt user eat your rice eat our cabbage ass bitch. taye diggs took one trip to atlanta and now he just cant seem to find him " 
"spongebob squarepants pineapple jakks pacific plug n play tv game-htf on ebay: . spongebob . 
"school: 2=2 = 4. homework: 2+4+2 = 8. exam: omar has 4 apples, his train is 7 minutes early, calculate the mass of the sun." 
"calimesa vfc squad 21 at cherry festival parade. beaumont city r22 behind. mid 70s. user . 
"he hates the people, the country and obama. . 
"wedding bouquets : anemone peach and blush wedding bouquet: . photography: weddi... - . 
"want to lose weight? replace meat with beans and peas . 
"rt user no, you don't get to question my commitment to feminism. i only eat wymyn peas, not chick peas." 
"vegan cherry cheesecake bars from user fridgg chia vegan cashews dessert healthy cherries . 
"rt user cherry blossom dreams . 
"rt user that one era harry ate bananas on stage at every show, staring at louis ok harry" 
"user user ireland is nearly an ametuer league...and the entire country isn't even the size of houston. . 
"user and we love you too mary cherry, i mean user . 
"rt user as trump implodes, he threatens to hurt millions -- out of pure rage and spite . 
"and yet, the user remains complicit. repealandreplacethegop impeachtrump . 
"user apples and trees." 
"sharing the twitter love! check out this tweet! . 
"feeling depressed? psychedelic mushrooms might be able to fix that, study finds . 
"emerald wells cafe and pear blossoms lane an epic read . . 
"don't let her lips fool you that's not cherry's you taste. happy friday the 13th. model . 
"16 user maps volunteers sorted and packed 4.4 lbs of apples! that's so many apples! user givewhatmatters . 
"user user im dressing up as cherry frizzle pop or sia wifu pony " 
"user if you can find a way to make me grain free mac and cheese without using cauliflower as the pasta, sure" 
"deliciousness in a bowl add grilled chicken arugula salad to your weekly mealplan . . 
"rt user trying to stop saying crazy (bc ableist) fave alternatives so far: wild bananas ludicrous weird out of control " 
"fantastic article in quartz on how iron ox is building the automated farm . 
"taking homemade pizza to a whole new level! pizza homemade recipe truffles cauliflower glutenfree . 
"crucible socratic seminar w/ mr. delfins ss. thanks for sharing! found this on our pineapple chart! . 
"rt user get 24 packs of sanpellegrinos for $15.19! pomegranate and orange - . orange - " 
"rt user friday treat time! some lovely autumnal colours from laceinfashion! orange &amp; gold c.1924 dress by paquin &amp; peach 1 " 
"napa cabbage season soon to move to mexico . . 
"user both? i ain't no victim? are you lost? but thanks. i dig ma girl peach- now can we end this thread b . 
"rt user peach live was everything i asked 4 with the giant 2d peaches and yixing+crew's slick choreo hello its the ass bop " 
"magic mushrooms might help depression by resetting the brain . . 
"rt user niggas roasted me so hard. talmbout i went to prom with cabbage . 
"rt user taehyung really said he had flowers and gave jungkook the lettuce and said theyre the flowers of his heart i love b " 
"rt user a recent study could go mind their own damn business . 
"why did i ever think that grapes of wrath was published as a period piece?" 
"user so,you are implying that they both are at same level "sexual predators " finally, you are calling out t . 
"user 'unfit' for presidency = just more sour grapes from election's losing side, unless 'fit' defined as media . 
"cant stop thinking about this gorgeous smoked mozzarella dressed up like a tomato by . 
"user apples and oranges. harvey is a fat sick pig" 
"rt user 9 delicious broccoli recipes that'll convert the veggie haters . . 
"not leaving the apple store until i know my speaker, vides and apples don't lag like crazy " 
"hallelujah, it's raining... grapes? harvest2017 . 
"witches brew pumpkin soup recipe . | witchesbrew pumpkinsoup pumpkineverything . 
"user try veggie burgers instead! they're delicious and don't contribute to animal suffering . 
"rt user caramel apples will be sold for $5 at break on monday and tuesday to support cardinal newman! " 
"ultimate tofu breakfast burrito bowls recipe - user . vegan . 
"heading out to palomar mountain for a weekend of camping. but first, coffee. @ beach plum kitchen . 
"user the haters are refusing to go to michigan? well, the apples don't fall far from the tree..." 
"user sell all your shares in capri sun and oranges." 
"sweet and delicious almond apricot tart by jane lockhart of user . 
"finish this week off strong with some feelgoodfizz grapefruit . 
"rt user "i'm a juicy peach but not everybody likes peaches" -- watch my feature on user w/ user here! " 
"shrums? . 
"rt user yep. explicit racialequity is what's truly needed for many. . 
"rt user i had one job to go to the grocery store and buy lettuce. my ass came home with a damn cabbage!!" 
"good morning, today specials are: soups tomato florentine *clam chowder* french onion specials of the day... . 
"they selling weed peach cobbler at this doughnut shop.... look man" 
"smart cooking: fresh takes on turmeric, superfood all-star . via user superspice cauliflower" 
"rt user when user orders a cheeseburger at mcdonalds and it comes back with lettuce. . 
"trump tantrum= trumptrum. aca cuts will make us bleed. . 
"disney chocolate covered frozen bananas (copycat) - dinner, then dessert . . 
"new! orange's big sea adventure! - . 
"just played: black bananas - powder 8 (electric brick wall)" 
"bananas foster french toast casserole!! happy friday the 13th everyone!! banana . 
"wow, interesting science! magic mushrooms might help depression by resetting the brain . via user 
"elephunk by the black eyed peas . nowplaying" 
"this is like comparing apples and basketballs. . 
"rt user in 15 minutes, you could be biting into piping hot, low-carb pizza! . 
"rt user the avocado is virtually the only fruit that contains heart-healthy monounsaturated fat good fat. and they are go " 
"rt user the replies to this are actually making me scream . 
"retweeted chris murphy (user trump's decision to stop aca payments is nuclear grade bananas - a... . 
"make every day, every moment, something other than mundane. beautiful morning in yucca valley. . 
"rt user my mom sprayed canned cheese on celery &amp; called it a vegetable so don't tell me about your dickensian childhood." 
"rt user and now the dems have to hang this around his and the gops neck like an anchor. every damn day. its trumpcare no " 
"rt user this art is bananas. b-a-n-a-n-a-s! : nwallen.artist wpbarts nahm showyourart2017 yellow . 
"user honestly, my single father's weeknight dinner repertoire was 75% gelson's ready-to-cook: turkey meat . 
"it may be fall but we are serving up a summer favorite: bbq chicken filet sandwich. stock up on fresh produce from . 
"here at salad farm, we offer over 40 varieties of salads, soups, panini sandwiches, quesadillas and baked potatoes. . 
"rt user tis the season of leftover chicken &amp; turkey! heres my asian chicken salad recipe for variety! " 
"capsicum and chilli seedlings side-by-side getting ready to be planted! first time growing both capsicum sweet . 
"peach it!!! i love birth control . 
"rt user you know this one is going to be bananas! jasondill's epicly laterd airs on user next wednesday. " 
"rt user did you know that lettuce is a member of the sunflower family? which means that pollution is not only killing lettuce," 
"rt user smelling bananas or green apples can help you lose weight." 
"thousands visted loomis eggplant festival -eggplant cooking winners announced visitloomis loomiseggplantfestival . 
"bananas would be going extinct . industries these days are so trash ." 
"rt user user youre trash &gt; won one of peachs hardest mus &gt; plays diddy " 
"i do not understand this. . 
"that's were you're wrong, kiddo . 
"not only did i find two mushrooms in my grandmas forest, i also snagged a pic of this . 
"rt user user if you appreciate user for standing against trump's insane attack on healthcare, like &amp; r " 
"mantis society study center: lab notes: from missing matter to magic mushrooms,... . 
"high quality olives tend to grow well in the same places as wine grapes. thanks for the feature, user . 
"rt user britannicus to claudius: "no one believes in the republic anymore. no one does except you. you're old, father, and " 
"people that lack common sense were put on this planet to eat pizza with pineapple." 
"rt user pineapple thai sativa . 
"hell yeah . 
"rt user pumpkin err'thang! i made a delicious pumpkin curry! with chicken, sweet potatoes, peas, brocolli, and coconut rice " 
"what's for breakfast? mashed potatoes with mushroom gravy. that's what is for breakfast lol. i should've added some corn to it. oh well." 
"a few bites of scone helps the medicine go down in the most delightful way ://bit.ly/marzipan-apricot-scones . 
"best beauty diy ideas : diy bath bomb recipe pear... - diybeauty . . 
"user what's next ...peach lobstaaah ??? . 
"user joss-burger: veg patty wrapped in organic lettuce." 
"rt user user sean gets paid to lie and supports a president that lies; two peas in a pod. impeachtrump trumprussia" 
"user pineapple on a pizza is like gasoline on ice cream...prolly still pretty good, but only if ya gotta" 
"user put down the burger if its not a veggie burger woman lol" 
"athletes literally make kids lives, but all they wanna do is shame them. or talk about the bad apples. get outta he . 
"all the secrets! a family of color would be fascinating in this diversitymatters devpickup . 
"are you ready to harvest valencia oranges in montecito? . . 
"moroccan green peas &amp; edamame stew . 
"chicken with mushroom and broccoli . 
"rt user a coyote surveys the bonino estate vineyards in glen ellen after fire wiped out grapes day before harvest. bob boni " 
"rt user oh no user just played trump clips with him espousing how great it's going to be. local news is the death of us, t " 
"not a combination i had considered, but will give it a try. . 
"go get three little caesars pizzas a case of cheap waters ( the little ones so they are not wasted) and grapes do for twenty to 25 $ you..." 
"user user user b/c ur cherry picking stats. ny was blue by 1.5 mill. tx was red by . 
".. user i shoulda got on the mic at your reception and said "i made ya peach cobbler, effie!" " 
"rt user "jim, tell him where he can stick his grapes" . 
"mutants. totally not natural and definitely not ok. . 
"rt user yixing's pants after performing peach . 
".user this is worse than your worst bad take. . 
"where do baby carrots come from? . learning" 
": pear tree lane in napa is currently our only operational site pear tree lane will close at 5:30 pm today napafire" 
"the pawns are falling, but everyone is waiting for the meat and potatoes. . 
"user user user they also have their infamous meatloaf stuffed with mac and cheese. win! i . 
"rt user god [inventing the pug] : what if a meatloaf couldn't breathe" 
"this turkey bacon and egg white sandwhich tastes like fucking cardboard. i want a double smoked bacon and cheddar croissant rn " 
"rt user girl you got a shape bitches pay for, you better show them what real thiccccc is miss georgia peach . 
"rt user made with literally two ingredients : apples + blueberries. seriously, user paleo certifiedpaleo " 
"vegan basmati rice bowl with spinach, kidney beans, tomato salsa, avocado, vegan sour cream, nutritional yeast, an . 
"rt user man to cop: i dont like the police cop: i dont like green peas. man: what? cop: oh, thought we were sharing tidbits. bye" 
"rt user get u someone who thinks ur gorgeous even when u look like a sack of potatoes" 
"user user user user meatloaf stuffed with mac &amp; cheese!? geez sounds good &amp; gooey! travelskills" 
"vintage inspiration: : pink grapefruit slush - what do you do when your best friend gives you a giant bushel... . 
"my white friend once said to me "your skin color is a cherry on top when it comes employment in silicon valley" . 
"user i ate all of them. and the fried eggplant. but i can't eat pizza until i come back from the doctors . 
"worthless generic combo medication-- i have samples sitting here that i haven't given out. as good as placebo. . 
"lana del rey's "cherry" has a dem franchize boyz sample..on top of an already stellar score...so.." 
"cherry bomb + find your wings + 2seater + keep da os . 
"rt user crank up the heat in your dinner with this tofu in chili garlic sauce! vegan hotstuff tofu " 
"user pineapple! long walks! &lt;3" 
"egg and spinach with bacon in the middle made it into a burrito! . 
"rt user peach salsa lol what!" 
"i parked on broccoli." 
"user me too! ever try putting a paper towel in the salad to help suck the mosture that makes it go bad? i . 
"collecting mushrooms . 
"sorry to all the offended bananas out there." 
"rt user delicious beef stew with guinness and crusty bread . 
"rt user iam afraid to say something has catasrophically gone wrong with us . we need a serious societal introspection before w" 
"rt user my new favorite midday treat! love that it really is just - user simple &amp; delicious!healthyliving . 
"rt user holy guacamole! if you haven't seen user new scene yet, you need to head over to brazzers right meow. sh " 
"our friends at pear need our help with their kickstarter! check out the video for their pear cards &amp; donate! . 
"late nights in the durban room with james clay garrison and "the giant peach" starting at 9pm.... . 
"rt user : pear tree lane in napa is currently our only operational site pear tree lane will close at 5:30 pm today napafire" 
"rt user this is pepper &amp; meatloaf. meatloaf is giving pepper a meowssage after a long day of mice hunting . 
"rt user who down for downtown disney so we can get caramel apples and hot chocolate and chill at the grand's fireplace" 
"rt user "a broker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. i told, 'at my age, i don't even buy green b" 
"treat yourself to a pineapple cocoa butter soap by greenwich bay trading company. . 
"rt user wuss poppin twitter, retweet to ruin a pineapple on pizza haters timeline . 
"peach pendejo escalates active sabotage campaign against aca. meanwhile... . 
"rt user if only nature would find a way to cover these oranges so we didn't need to waste so much plastic on them... . 
"rt user hi im the law and im here to tell u to always peel ur bananas from the top and monkeys love them" 
"it was teriyaki sauce that used a knife to break the box of crayons" 
"a bananas journey from plantation to your grocery store . 
""iron ox is reinventing farming, raising real, not faux, food" w/ their autonomous farms (via user user . 
"rt user not being dramatic but i genuinely think id have sex with a piece of spinach and ricotta tortelloni" 
"adorable! these cabbage patch wigs are so stinking cute for halloween or a winter hat! find them here:... . 
"user a10 driving to florida for spring break in our big family oldsmobile station wagon! buying bags of oranges. travelskills" 
"vegetarian burrito: spinach, eggs, hash browns, cheese and garlic me: this doesnt sound to bad -takes a bite me: it only tastes like garlic" 
"rt user i have to restart my potatoes . 
"rt user i have two moods 1. i'll have the spinach artichoke dip 2. i'll have the spinach artichoke dip and nachos" 
"friday has become our hawaiian job day! pulled pork with grilled pineapple...yum" 
"rt user they could be (class, nationality, ..). at apple, they probably aren't. but this also shows why "diversity" is a we " 
"rt user ashton sang about sweet potatoes on his story and ive never heard anything more beautiful about sweet potatoes user user 
"add a unique flavor to the roasted broccoli by using our lime olive oil: . . 
"rt user .user held a ciso panel discussion during their innovation accelerator meetup . user 
"rt user its 12am, im naked in bed i want a cherry slurpee" 
"like it or not: broccoli may be good for the gut -- sciencedaily . 
"rt user rt if u like pineapple on ur pizza" 
"proud to be an investor in iron ox, which was featured in user today. very cool company, and great founders: . 
"great. &lt;sarc&gt; . 
"what you can afford . 
"rt user trump is delusional if he thinks the people rushing to call him to fix his csr mess will be democrats. . 
"rt user "who wants to eat a cherry? . hookup with hot girls at . 
"rt user latest recipe broccoli slaw with almonds and cranberries user sponsored . 
"waking up from the crazy game i covered. star rb gets injured on 1st play, td &amp; 2-pt conversion for the win, missed . 
"enjoy a refreshing, sweet and tart variation of the classic greyhound! rhubarb-infused gin, grapefruit juice, simpl . 
"soup of the day: chicken, butternut squash, &amp; brown rice green vegetable minestrone" 
"user the grapefruit method: peach edition" 
"rt user 405n at cherry ave: reports of this motorcycle wreck still in lanes, very slow out of seal" 
"user like broccoli. maybe just say broccoli." 
"it's free movie friday! jigsaw is back. text "plum" to atom1 for a chance to win tickets from user standard . 
"these look like crepes but i totally fuck with the vision and i need this . 
"a coyote surveys the bonino estate vineyards in glen ellen after fire wiped out grapes day before harvest. bob boni . 
"catch user performing at bananas leimertpark tuesday! performing his new single keep that shitty energy to y . 
"report: apple to kill touch id on all future iphones . economics" 
"such a waste! i could make a lot of great bolognese sauce with this, yum! user . 
"user user yikes. how do you like "dem" apples? . 
"yikes. how do you like "dem" apples? . 
"sweet cinnamon apples and tart cranberries come together in this incredible thanksgiving pie! . 
"rt user im thankful for all the different ways i can eat potatoes" 
"cesar chavez &amp; dolores huerta: let's boycott grapes so growers stop poisoning farm workers growers: stop disrespecting our grapes" 
"user waddling potatoes." 
"rt user good news cherry cheesecake can and should be eaten in chimichanga form. finished product on sunday is gonna be les " 
"if you have ever kept bananas a day too long, this read is for you - the fascination with the fruit fly. . 
"the transition from oak street to peach state on my daily mix is a big mood" 
"why is everyone in my office looking at me like they haven't seen a "i got mashed potatoes" dance before?" 
"magic mushrooms may reset the brains of depressed patients, study suggests . 
"rt user "nuclear grade bananas" is not, i believe, a term that a sitting senator has ever used (in public) about a presiden " 
"my god is right. the man is setting health insurance markets on fire because of his obama obsession and fragile ego. . 
"this fall, be sure to include sweet potatoes in your diet. they are high in vitamin a, which helps prevent dry mout . 
"user so now i gotta watch the entire show just to catch the end!!! lot of bs with princess peach and bra . 
"patients taking psilocybin to treat depression show reduced symptoms weeks after treatment. mentalhealth . 
"rt user 14 things to do with cherry tomatoes: . . 
"user pineapple" 
"i dont like greens . 
"user yep! that's what i do. zucchini is the easiest. have yet to master sweet potatoes and beets." 
"weve rounded up all the sweet and savory recipes you need to keep eating apples all season. tag:. 
"rt user eea2017 mission tiburon urges commercialization ban for endangered scalloped hammerheads + mpa + no more use as ba " 
"honey baked ham, mustard, mayo, american cheese, lettuce &amp; a slice of tomato w/ spicy nacho doritos* thats the bes . 
"user with pineapple? . 
"rt user follow user nude sexy erotic porn nsfw beautiful and sizzling user cherry of the month! " 
"rt user sommelier tasting w/blindtasters: grapes r v sensitive &amp; i've not met a single grower who denies global warming.... h" 
"bananas have to be waterproof, right? they never get bogged down with milk in my cereal. wemayneverknow" 
"rt user the new cherry hearts remix bundle featuring the shins (flipped version) &amp; a new remix from user is out now! " 
"user pretty much how i feel about mushrooms! cc: user " 
"lunch tomato soup (7sp) and a bun (4sp) for dipping . 
"rt user hummmm carrot bananas ...her ass all !! . 
"weekend to-do list: 1. put cart in front of horse 2. compare apples to oranges 3. get there from here 4. put baby in a corner" 
"rt user worst. negotiator. ever. . 
"k.c. morales vineyards 1921 chablis: this hard wine is delighting with velvety black tea apricot and bright bouquet." 
"our very own pineapple p with his alternate hat braves a red air quality day. bicycle gobybike bw urbandesign . 
"rt user i once met eminem and he had little plastic baggies of baby carrots and pretzels and i knew a man with dad snacks was to be mo" 
"user the cauliflower must push people over the edge jody! lol" 
"spice up your guac with one our favorite recipes six pepper killer guacamole! . . 
"youd be surprised where you can sneak spinach into your meals. here are a few tips. . . 
"it's been 14 years since the black eyed peas + justin timberlake asked "where is the love?" and we still haven't found it. rly troubling imo" 
"mt @ "ad cauliflower ranch mini meatballs.perfect craveable tailgate app user . . 
"rt user la's plan to make developers pay for affordable housing moves forward. linkagefee . . 
"rt user madeinfrance wineandcheese night with user winophiles fall harvest ifbc17 placercounty apples " 
"rt user it's been 14 years since the black eyed peas + justin timberlake asked "where is the love?" and we still haven't found i" 
"lmfao. "i like pineapple juice" . 
"rt user why are green apples sour and red apples sweet ? you would think they would all be the same" 
"who lives in a pineapple under the sea? nycc was fun. any of you went? pandahatcom nycc . 
""in america, we don't eat avocados, we eat guacamole" . 
"rt user user you're one pineapple chunk short of a fruit cup lol" 
"rt user i don't want low-fat avocados, because those would be potatoes. or cucumbers. dummies. . 
"it was miss peach that used a wrench to break the umbrella" 
"rt user repost from user his special this week: crushed tomato base, fresh mozzarella, . 
"the peas are starting to poke above the soil. . 
"rt user trump instructing new us intel evaluation of iran compliance recalls the cherry-picked,pressured wmd intel that tragica" 
"try these awesome healthy, easy to make chicken lettuce wraps - just like the restaurant style! . 
"unwatchable, not even a state fan would buy it. . 
"sour grapes? how do you feel about obama's legacy? oh, that's tight / there's none! . 
"user leaving well hurt the community. another good one gone. i honestly think blocking the bad apples is enough." 
"user user i love broccoli its meant to be" 
"rt user user user i cant do ice cream anymore..but i do make my own soy ice cream. had peach the other day." 
"user user writing an article now....great link to lodi grapes helping locals a few tweets back . 
"user i dont agree with your worship of vanilla coke zero. cherry coke zero is clearly superior. i challenge . 
"the asics gel-lyte v gets dressed in eggplant and taos taupe for autumn - . . 
"rt user my safe word is: . 
"when was the last time you guys ate a peach? cause theyre fucking delicious!!!" 
"user guns! by his stmt user is for licensing guns. we already get permits for our right to asse . 
"this is a crepe you uncultured swine . 
"user evil knows evil... they r like 2 peas in a pod." 
"rt user baked apples and hurricane relief. more info: . ad sealsforgood foodie foodporn " 
"rt user calling all couch potatoes! which tv show had/has your favorite ensemble cast? podfix podernfamily user htt" 
"ate a bunch of grapes to cancel my hot cheeto lunch" 
"rt user bacon wrapped beef meatloaf, juicy and delicious! . eeeeeats feedfeed ifbcx nomnom " 
"we need these limited edition redd's black cherry ale, like, yesterday . . 
"we can't wait for nationalmeatloafappreciationday on 10/18! do you remember the first time that you tried cap city . 
"rt user this vegetarian roasted eggplant lasagna is a delicious way to get in more protein but less carbs! recipebox " 
"rt user celebrate nationalseafoodmonth w/ mediterranean surimi lettuce wraps! . ad simplysurimi " 
"rt user japan's cherry blossoms! . 
"user baby carrots ain't flying" 
"rt user this roasted salmon with corn and salt for life herbed butter is so good its ridiculous! . 
"craving babys pineapple upside down pancakes " 
"salmon tacos with cherry lime chipotle salsa . 
"rt user hallelujah, it's raining... grapes? harvest2017 . 
"i don't like this man or the fact that he choose to villaiinize a single woman when so many men are guilty of the s . 
"rt user i just showed my dad user bananas song and he keeps singing it lmao i'm dead" 
"my parents are leaving town today and my birthday is next week and i have an eighth of mushrooms " 
"user her reasoning was that it has lettuce" 
"user user user user when will it be enough?!?!? impeach45 impeachtrumppence impeachtrumpnow . 
"last week i had a cone full of mashed potatoes &amp; its the happiest ill ever be . 
"i want sauteed and seasoned potatoes smothered in avocado." 
"really looking forward to giving the opening address at the sf cherry bombe jubilee this . 
"sweet potato heaven ms lori user . 
"gluten-free honey-baked oatmeal with bananas and creamy almond sauce . workout hot . 
"$85 no deposit bonus at cherry gold casino bet htags: onlinecasinotournaments onlinecasinorating ... . 
"this burger was okay... grilled onions, cheese, beef patty, tomato shredded lettuce &amp; pickle . 
"tfw you leave but come back with a grapefruit . 
"in need of something cozy? check this out italian meatloaf and pasta pomodoro w borgo scopeto chianti classico ove . 
"a face for radio: heirloom apples . 
"gaysics (like physics but gay): for every spandex instagram theres an equal and opposite eggplant emoji comment" 
"rt user help so my cousin got upset after reading a fan fiction where harry styles dies and now she's been peeling potatoes " 
"i lied. shrimp. and chicken alfredo + broccoli + fried fish filet" 
"user best not to jump on bandwagon too quickly. sour grapes and a real bunch of odd-balls here." 
"user hoppy friday molly, yum yum cabbage " 
""its a time for chai lattes, cozy sweaters, colorful leaves, crisp apples and creepy stories." // 5 must-reads: . 
"my pinterest feed finally knows to just show me any and all pineapple themed things. achievementunlocked . 
"brewery rex rasberry ricky is on, replacing bottle logic berlinear equation - cherry (user 
"hotbar 10/13 (santa monica) turkey meatballs marinara chicken florentine lasagna pesto rice white beans garlic broccoli chard" 
".user seeks to halt apple's sales &amp; manufacturing of iphones in china . . 
"peach lovey security blanket lovey small blanquet baby . via user 
"legalize psilocybin. legalize it now!! . ht user 
"rt user legalize psilocybin. legalize it now!! . ht user 
"littlesquirrel had pineapple guava for breakfast. . 
".qualcomm seeks to halt apple's sales &amp; manufacturing of iphones in china . . 
"rt user im so excited for the return of the sugar plum sweaties . 
"user there was cases of bananas, nacvhos, apples, warm food down there last nite i had a plate. thanks!" 
"are you tired of all the winning yet? maga . 
"reason 151 to never skip breakfast.. you end up buying $15 of scrambled tofu and potatoes . 
""my safe word is pineapple juice" . 
"i took an entire semester of yoga. . 
"user i read bananas" 
"itz almost about that ... i got beans greens potatoes tomatoes lamb rams hot dogz you name it.. time " 
"rancho cucamonga i10 w eo / cherry ave **trfc collision-1141 enrt** . 
"rt user behold: sticky pineapple chicken . 
"rt user i want him to put cherry earrings on . 
"user user salad = one leaf of lettuce" 
"rt user thousands visted loomis eggplant festival -eggplant cooking winners announced visitloomis loomiseggplantfestival " 
"these to go together like peas and carrots. jackdanielsrye coorsbanquet ryewhiskey . 
"i hate when subway drops onions into the lettuce container. no worse way to ruin a sandwich " 
"70s spots: maxwell house coffee (margaret hamilton, 1976). . margaret hamilton with a pineapp . 
"rt user animal vines 1d i'm mad at you! wait... is that broccoli?! user . 
"rt user you have to squish about 600 to 800 grapes to get one bottle of wine ..... . . . user | user " 
"magic mushrooms reset key brain circuits in depressed people . 
"lettuce wrap with turkey, cheese and avocado.. letseat paleo whole30 wholefoods . 
"user user user user umm i don't really like mushrooms can you get me like stuffed crust ch . 
"traderjoes chicken breakfast sausage, applewood smoked bacon, spinach and cheddar frittata with . 
"sweet potato pancakes with saut kale and mushrooms. anything goes in this house when it comes . 
"user i hate the left behind pineapple juice though. it mixes in with the cheese and i still taste it. " 
"peach our love is forever flower lace &amp; pearls satin ring pillow . via user etsymntt weddingideas epiconetsy etsy" 
"ordered the taco chicken salad delish user ottawa . 
"rt user peach our love is forever flower lace &amp; pearls satin ring pillow . via user etsymntt weddingideas" 
"courtney stodden serves up veggie hot dogs in lettuce bikini [23 pics] . 
"how black girls chew gum in class . 
"terrible excuse. you dont need whole foods to eat healthy. educate yourself. frozen fruits and veggies, lean meats . 
"user meat is horrible for you and they have really improved veggie burgers try the beyond burger or the best bur . 
"rt user when your girl don't want to give you any pussy stick your dick in a tomato" 
"just saw someone on campus eating cherry tomatoes like grapes in calling the police" 
"grilled some chicken tenders to top a salad. yes, i said the s word. chicken chickentenders . 
"you eat your rice and cabbage huh? . 
"rt user jay pharoah isn't too famous to eat his grandmothers meatloaf . 
"peach pecan crisp: where juicy peaches and toasted streusel come together to make one simple, and si... . 
"have you ever seen me eat 5 apples in a day?" 
"steak &amp; shrimp, baked potato or homemade mash potatoes, vegetable, homemade soup or salad, our own honey butter &amp; hawaiian rolls $15.95" 
"specialtysalad localorganics tgif asparagus &amp; artichoke salad w/local &amp; organic spring mix &amp; cherry tomatoes, cr . 
"mrs. enns 2nd grade class planting radish and spinach seeds with the master gardeners! ngss cheetahpride . 
"user it's about bad apples? why are they eating bad apples? are they throwing them at one another? is that why they're at war?" 
"likely trump and republicans will take blame for any disruptions that ensue . 
"rt user appleseason is here pick the right apple for baking, eating or making apple sauce. fall baking canning apples ht" 
""when trump says obamacare is imploding, which will allegedly pressure dems, hes lying" . 
"this girl got me putting pineapple on pizza wth" 
"large majorities say trump and republicans will own acas problems going forward and want them to make law work . 
"user i know.. but they werent purchased for tacos.. i found some cheese... had a tomato left over from my mozzeralla/tomato experiment" 
"rt user i feel like cauliflower ice cream probably exists and this upsets me." 
"user right i got the raised fist thing, it's just any time these right wing dumdums rage about freeze peach, it just makes no sense." 
"user , check out the impossibleburger at user ! . 
"user vineyards act as a natural fire break - so the grapes are good for that. thanks for the kind words ivan" 
"apple's intelligent tracking prevention will block facebook's ability to track users who visit third-party sites . 
"- our tasty caesar salad - parmesan shavings, cherry tomatoes, fried mozzarella and thin slices of prosciutto di . 
"i see some guacamole in your future! foodfriday . . 
"user youre gonna want in on this remix action. this song is bananas." 
"rt user i made a special peach pie for my fam. enjoy! . 
"literally threw up the broccoli my babysitter forced me to eat. i ain't fucking with broccoli . 
"rt user some applauding pence act of protest, condemn nfl players exercising same right (not on tax-payers' dime). constitution doe" 
"why do people assume, since i have kinky tastes, that is all i want to do or am capable of doing? can't i eat apples but also celery?" 
"rt user green apples string art textured 3d painting . art painting botanical . 
"rt user bonjour! today is peach day in the grape harvest month of the 226th year." 
"potatoes and eggs all i need keep that swine" 
"hey user - why no kids sizes for 'the celery stalks at midnight' or 'bunnicula'?!! :( . 
"user damn... i fucked up then.... when is the next festa im trynna grub on some soupas and eat some ca . 
""we love the combo of mushrooms &amp; fennel seeds, which adds a nice earthiness to this dairy-free, meatless lasagna . 
"probably the best ipa in this part of the world ...plenty of pineapple and mango . 
"new mystery by user a case of sour grapes. . artknb . 
"rt user pineapple on pizza is amazing, dont debate me" 
"throwback to the view at the user summer party. fun, friends, and food! . 
"rt user petition to bring back the peach green tea lemonade at starbucks" 
"rt user .user seeks to halt apple's sales &amp; manufacturing of iphones in china . . 
"cybersecurity your next head of lettuce, grown by a robot . infosec" 
"rt user -,' cherry bomb ; nct 127 ',- rt = bop like = flop . 
"creamy lemon tomato salmon pasta from user fridgg fish cream lemon pasta dinner garlic salmon . 
"user user user user cherry pick your information, it always works out for what you want to . 
"there is no definitie right or wrong everyone cherry picks their morals." 
"user user user microdosing mushrooms acts like a cheerful adderall for me but of course ymmv" 
"a velvety wine, delighting with musty burnt pineapple. good with cucumbers. indifferent!!! f" 
"rt user the potatoes we gather are a gift, our arms to heaven lovingly we lift. r. sieczkiewicz j. bastien-lepage octo " 
"user thank you so much... it has pineapple just for you . 
"rt user always said the leaders coming out of a crisis are rarely the same as those who enter it but this is getting bana " 
"rt user while i understand and speak english, i still can't understand why "ea" sounds so different between different words (lik" 
"7690 joshua ln, yucca valley at $179,900 ($80/sf): . . 
"i'm totally aware that these examples are apples and oranges." 
"rt user pear pixel [. brony mlp . 
"he'll only do gigs in predominantly lib cities...probably being rushed by fans to sign audacity book. . 
"rt user there is no definitie right or wrong everyone cherry picks their morals." 
"sugarplum festival with my sweet @ sugar plum arts &amp; crafts festivals . 
"i know that he was a nephilim because i saw him in his true form on mushrooms and his wings dragged on he ground and i was in awe and i" 
"enjoy new and exciting mimosa flavors with your weekend brunch including mango, tropical pineapple, strawberry lemo . 
"pumpkin pies, eyeball cupcakes, caramel apples and so many more spooky treats with baker business 2 halloween . 
"rt user ma made bday food. stuffed pork w broccoli rabe &amp; sweet potatoes., dressed it w this oil garlic special thing she i " 
"fun fact: my chameleon is named pico after the spice pico del gallo...it was my dads idea!" 
" who lives in a pineapple under the sea? spongebobsquarepants and pals as boxheadz! fiboxcio . 
"yummy naked infusions fettuccine in a spicy tomato &amp; white wine sauce with italian sausage &amp; broccoli with fire... . 
"tgbb lunch special pachamama farm's pork burger celery &amp; red cabbage slaw, cranberry sauce, . 
"rt user who lives in a pineapple under the sea? spongebobsquarepants and pals as boxheadz! fiboxcio . 
"possibly my finest ever cauliflower cheese...( just saying) . 
"yup. he just ordered from a korean restaurant and asked for teriyaki sauce on the side. have we not learned any fuckin thing?" 
"imma change it to peaches i am dead!!! user . 
"rt user what a pleasant surprise! cheers! . 
"the latest the cherry davis daily! . thanks to user user user socialmedia scifi" 
"happy friday from the vegan van. eating one medium pear would provide 12 percent of daily . 
"tghw farmer's market salad roasted acorn squash, fuji apples, house made ricotta, fermented . 
"now available: user grapefruit hibiscus heather" 
"music ~ viaurl=. ~ message=we ate gilberts grapes--ice nine kills lyrics" 
"daily combo fallon hills grilled corn beef, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onions, creamy grainy mustard sauce served on french bread" 
"weekly recall roundup: seafood and chicken salad sandwiches . 
"rt user joel embiid goes bananas in debut flyers 2-2 road trip eagles improve to 5-1 zeke suspension reinstated ph" 
"rt user not only is user invited to the cookout, he gets the last piece of peach cobbler." 
"amazing flavor! crispy broccoli and cheddar twice-baked potatoes are comfort food at its best. click... . 
"why pineapple pizza is the best . . 
"does user know this is being posted on here?!?! wtf . 
"user pineapple juice - we're drinking cold pineapple juice to manage the chokey smoke." 
"rt user why do girls always have random ass bruises on their legs lmao y'all like apples" 
"rt user win a free polly pineapple plus teething tips, too giveaway ad h . . 
"gmo arctic fuji apples, no thankyou! . 
"rt user catch user performing at bananas leimertpark tuesday! performing his new single keep that shitty energy to y " 
"i'm sorry for all the years i spent thinking peach was better than daisy i was wrong" 
"my safe word is pineapple juice. " 
"not this again. stop. . 
"mkt salad country line farm mix greens, w/ oaks farm corn, red beans, tomato, cheddar, corn tortilla strips, cilantro&amp;cilantro vinaigrette" 
"rt user this is one of the most beautifully crafted articles i have read in a long time. plenty of detail and really though " 
"user unless it has something to do with an easy way to wash potatoes (a bowl of water with baking soda in it) . 
"rt user ever thought about saving your tomato seeds? user shows us how easy it really is! . 
"not your mother's muva. user "muva" cropped sweatshirt user "cherry . 
"cauliflower stuffing, free health tests, our new magnets! - . market match $20 for $20 and sola food co-op!" 
"user pepperoni, jalapeno, black olive, pineapple. yes pineapple and what, come at me." 
"rt user facts . 
"as promised another tempeh recipe. . enjoy!! veggie recipe . 
"we're excited for the pma fresh summit next week! contact us if you're interested in the unique grapes that we have to offer. freshsummit" 
"my man. . 
"watching user get princess peach and im in tears . 
"tgdtsf grilled monterey bay sardines, with an heirloom tomato &amp; nicoise olive salsa, served . 
"i wrote this a few months ago. probably one of my proudest accomplishments . 
"user mustve eaten a shit ton of carrots around that time? ha" 
"rt user despite the presence of flames nearby, workers at mondavi winery some without masks picked grapes early friday. " 
"wore my chanclas to the bar and drank patron and pineapple all night... lil mexican i suppose" 
"rt user user actually i made pasta for him! farfalle with mushroom ragout and peas with fresh ricotta. fabulous drunk food!" 
"we just got some new *maui pineapple chunk*" 
"user user i just want the sweet peach glow highlight palette please and thank you" 
"icymi: digital marketing initiatives for sweetango apples in the us and canada . 
"icymi: virginia asian pear grower follows apples lead on varieties . . 
"rt user cherry pie for lunch . 
"this literally made me not want to eat fruit anymore. rt to save a life! giant black widow found in a box of grapes . 
"rt user someone give user a pulitzer prize for this splendid article. oh, and a verified badge on his twitter a " 
"user user user user inconclusive study, i see no mentions of ello, peach, path, or beme." 
"user ruby / tomato ramen tasteslikered littletokyo # fbf @ little . 
"just imagine if you are a grower in napa and you didnt get your grapes in. you cant crush grapes covered in soot. :-(" 
"rt user user one of them was mos def about to put apples in the potato salad....." 
"user really just feels like all these dudes are sour grapes. its something new, that they cant control, and . 
"user with rice &amp; beans , plantains , &amp; cabbage" 
"user user man, peach is the the top driver in mario kart" 
"rt user if a tomato is a fruit, then does that make ketchup a smoothie? " 
"tasty black cherry.. mhmm . . 
"user glad you didnt go bananas. slip ups can happen anytime! we got your back " 
"i'm at cherry sushi in santa clara, ca . 
""russia barely even has enough potatoes for the winter..." -tucker" 
"rt user a wholesome article that speaks the truth . 
"user it's just sour grapes he can't adjust well to society, so he has to point out all the flaws so he feels . 
"rt user chicken &amp; pineapple pizza &gt;&gt;&gt; . 
"rt user why pineapple pizza is the best . . 
"rt user user whatever. pineapple is the best. . 
"rt user sweet potatoes always put a smile on my face" 
"rt user you can text a cabbage but he can not text you back because he do not have fingers" 
"get your kids involved in gardening by planting carrots. . . 
"fried petrale sole today with green goddess and eggplant with preserved lemon. @ standard fare . 
"chicken spinach and pesto wheat pizza to take to the studio for my long work day. going to need . 
"black eyed peas performing cosplay ball concert at l.a. comic con . user . 
"rt user we need to do a better job, said schnell. everybody talks about the few bad apples, [but] we dont know who..? . 
"this font is fugly. and i hate potatoes so good morning back . 
"i'm that type of nigga to eat and have lettuce on back of my neck" 
"do you ever just take a minute to step back and wonder why sometimes we all feel like a bunch of potatoes" 
"don't bob for apples with braces . braces apples halloween . 
"despite the presence of flames nearby, workers at mondavi winery some without masks picked grapes early friday. . 
"still getting fruits from my volunteer san marzano tomato plant. we've made many meals with all this plant has pr . 
"heaven!! sanfrancisco#mushrooms ferrybuiliding @ san francisco ferry building . 
"user pineapple and ham such a weird combo. way better ingredients available to throw on a pizza than those two." 
"recently, i had the chance to taste the new pear mostarda by user i love that it . 
"rt user why do people not like pineapple on pizza its so good" 
"rt user milk that matters. our newest flavor has bananas, almonds + 16g of protein and helps benefit user learn more: " 
"user user i went bananas for it for the same reason and i'm xicana." 
"user hurt is hurt, bro. he is a proven winner and leader. he will prevail. agree to disagree, peach out doyou" 
"user user so we can mash them into our hash browned potatoes, craeiouyfty!" 
"almost choking on a piece of lettuce in my sad desk salad is a new personal low." 
"user he ate his space peas" 
"you lay registration, the ref fees, and the oranges for the half time snack " 
"these grapes is hitting" 
"speaking of grapes i ain't smoked grapes in hella long back in the day that's all i use to smoke" 
"tougher than cancer - peach button . user uterine cancer survivor . 
"rt user youtube animators: haha mario on druuuugs isnt that waaackkyyy xddd peach gives mario a blowjob hahaaha me: . 
"user user user curry led gsw to 51 wins and the playoffs in 2013 being the best player o . 
"rt user pineapple is a topping rt if you actually care savethespikeyfruitangelmrpineapple" 
"tgmv pachamama farm's porchetta salad l pomegranates l cauliflower l pickled onions l tender . 
"rt user impressive homie user . 
"rt user the meatloaf in the back of the fridge. now that's scary. fridaythe13th . 
"not all combinations are tasty, this one was bland (cucumber, apple and red plum). no todas . 
"user is the most loved welterweight champion ever fought whoever and fought exciting didn't cherry pick miss him thanks user 
"column 1 - annual average bananas price, eu, dollar /mt annu... industry unitedstates agriculture statistics . 
"our ever popular homemade chicken pot pie with your choice of homemade soup or salad, hawaiian rolls with homemade honey butter $12.95" 
"this grand combination of fresh fruit and chocolate will impress and delight the everyone. apples, pears and... . 
"gotta be the funniest serious shit i have ever seem . 
"i accuse professor plum of committing the crime in the in the 2nd family room with the rope!" 
"rt user we should do mushrooms under moonlight... . 
"did you know that carrots improve your vision and help you see in the dark? foodfactfriday . 
"all i had today was a coffee and a salad but yesterday i ate deepfried springrolls, fried zucchini, and barbecued chicken so u know" 
"user yep. with a prostate the size of a grapefruit " 
"halloween trivia: bobbing for apples originated from the roman harvest festival that honors pamona, the goddess of . 
"get josiesorganics celery &amp; let the kids help you make chicken boo-dle soup from user for halloween! . 
"the first time i bit into a french fry i was 4 years old and very upset exclaimed "mom! there are potatoes in these . 
"user marv! its platanos , eggs with tomato , black beans mashed up, avocado, queso fresco, crema" 
"and yes, i can see the pitchforks pointing in my direction led by don cherry user and user fans. . 
"theyre yummy on guacamole... . 
"good night carrots, its the last day of my sister here she going home now :( im sad sksnks i miss josh goonigh . 
"peep the hook game. these beats is bananas . hooks" 
"rt user bananas getting overly ripe? then try these frozen bananaghostsperfect for halloween! lovefoodhatewaste " 
"rt user oct 13 1996 (+video) during history concert a korean fan jumped on cherry picker! see video: " 
"holy crap i haven't had a peach in so long its fucking delicious" 
"create your own italian specialty pizza by adding toppings such as pepperoni, mushrooms, extra cheese, sausage, bl . 
"seaside flavors: vanilla, chocolate, key lime, pineapple, salted caramel, nsa irish cream, cake batter, white chocolate, pom rasp tart, tart" 
"yooo i knew i couldn't fw my uncle... he puts peas in his potato salad bitch i'm " 
"on this most eerie of days, i have the most cheery of melees: a peach beach splash team trailer! team mikagura...go . 
"an antioxidant rich trio that makes you go nommm! come in today &amp; say the feelgoodfriday phrase "i feel cherry- . 
"user as a vegetarian i prefer having tofu shot at me personally, but you're on the right track" 
"rt user how to prepare tofu. step 1. throw it in the trash. step 2. grill some meat. say amen!" 
"editors&amp;writers heads keeping an eye on unusual facts can lead to the greats stories - jurrasic park &amp; james &amp; . 
"rt user new study from nutt's group. psilocybin reboots brain in people with long term depression: . 
"this guy omfg . 
"rt user things woolie won't eat: eggs things user won't eat: shrimp, salmon, spinach, non-kids menu food, eggs (unless s" 
"eating green bananas gives body probiotic bacteria for digestive system . 
"figs &amp; chestnuts turn classic pineapple cake upside down!. figs chestnutflour gf" 
"rt user today 54ad claudius dies of poison mushrooms at 63. during his reign the empire began the conquest of britain. . 
"rt user super mario's attempt at addressing human sex trafficking ultimately fails because they're unwilling to explore bow " 
"spinach artichoke dip is too flame" 
"user absolute peach of a goal" 
"joyful tomato by alfrey davilla . 
"take your own advice and block me instead of checking my page every 5 minutes xd haters gon hate. potatoes gon potate" 
"bourbon apple pie fizz cocktails with user crisp apple. and chickens bobbing forapples. like ya do. . 
"seeing an amazing cauliflower cheese on pinterest just now reminded me of an amazing food blog i fou... . 
"spinach is so bomb." 
"prepping roasted sweet potatoes, butternut squash, last of the baby zucchini, sunchoke, . 
"rt user if today is national coming out day.. i just wanted to come out and say .... pineapple belongs on pizza. thx for the su" 
"urgent! milo needs a foster asap! he is 10 years old, is healthy, but he has mild cherry eye, in both eyes! he... . 
"salmon is a great source of omega-3s . 
"broccoli salad with creamy lemon caper dressing from user fridgg lemon salad broccoli sidedish . 
"meatlessfriday idea &amp; recipe tomato egg drop noodle soup # comfortfood . 
"breweries don't stand a chance this weekend - drinking a grapefruit ipa at user - . photo" 
"apples at g.l. alfieri, bite into this crisp and juicy fuji!! delicious sanfrancisco freshfruit fruit . 
"the one with chicken, corn and mashed potatoes &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; . 
"user user user still takes more water to grow grapes duh" 
"nope. dough sauce cheese pepperoni that is all. . 
"user it was the only chip my uncle would serve when he made guacamole." 
"rt user pineapple puzzles - 99c for a limited time - a cozy mystery with a bit of a bite that will have you guessing! . 
"user user lgbtq folks have seen the religious right for what they are for a while: hate groups with cherry . 
"user pretty sure you said all of this last night . 
"twitter topics 1) couples splitting rent 2) friends splitting group dinner checks 3) who's paying for dates 4) pin . 
"business as usual? workers at the robert mondavi winery some without masks picked grapes ear . 
"coconut chocolate bomber, grapefruit iconic, cantaloupe papaya 24 tastings for those lucky enough to snag an h24 ok . 
"today's foodiefriday theme is "fall comfort" and this chai banana bread looks pretty comforting! . 
"at work our burrito bar got changed to "southern food" the choices: brisket, seared salmon, smoked tofu. doingitwrong california" 
"how to get the most cash for old iphones and apples watches . . 
"beefy resilient grex beans dry out for harvest. once done, well plant garlic, parsnips and carrots! organicgarden . 
"garlic vanilla bean scalloped potatoes! served with short ribs for our weekend special . 
"get the recipe for capellini with spicy zucchini-tomato sauce at: . 
"and i'm blaming this on that shriveled dried apricot in chief." 
"rt user coconut chocolate bomber, grapefruit iconic, cantaloupe papaya 24 tastings for those lucky enough to snag an h24 ok " 
"rt user vegan chicken nuggets, avocado, spinach, rice, hummus, tahini, chilli sauce . 
"apples and almond butter " 
"icymi: retail view: dont forget the 10-pound bag of potatoes . . 
"guacamole is my favorite food that looks like someone already ate it." 
"farmer's frittata. fresh vegetables, herbs, diced potatoes, cheddar and provolone cheese. served open face with tom . 
"revenge of the broccoli makeahorrorfilmforkids" 
"today's features - panino: ham &amp; brie and green apple w/ brie soup: tomato bisque and chicago-style chili entre:... . 
"nigga you nasty. don't you ever disrespect guac like that . 
"for those tracking my pineapple plant, it's doing well and send its regards. . 
"rt user how may ca wildfires affect grape and wine supply and markets? user . photo of lodi " 
"rt user the perfect way to use up excess apples! . 
"michael michael kors womens stanton trainer pink grapefruit sport suede/nylon/vachetta oxford . 
"user user ask the dormies for some oranges, those are great for throwing " 
"just walked out of my house i didnt even brush my hair going to buy some tofu so i can make some vegetarian shit" 
"rt user cherry on top . 
"people deserve premium food at conventional prices. through robotics &amp; ai, the iron ox farm makes it possible. . 
"what should i make with my tomato, mozzarella &amp; avocado salad?" 
"rt user burritos and doughnuts have now taken over the important role that potatoes used to play in the irish diet" 
"17-216 sr-210 at cherry ave--ramp metering project . 
"fmri reveals that 'magic mushrooms' reduce depression . auntminnie" 
"driving thru the redwoods feeding myself grapes singing chanel at the top of my lungs to myself" 
"what does this mean . 
"gay culture is putting spinach in it so its healthy" 
"rt user vegan, vegetarian, or just trying to eat less meat? try this tofu glody salad bowl! . 
"i'll be completely honest.. i just put bananas and granola on some tropical sorbet and it did not taste like an acai bowl.... " 
"baking for today. new york cheesecake, chocolate apricot torte and, of course, bread! tortes cake slowfood . 
"last night was cool stayed sober, had pineapple juice all night dd" 
"user just made me the best veggie burger i've ever had. my mouth won't shut up about it." 
"happy friday,lovely molly.:-):-d . 
"rt user steampunk nbc doctor who made by little cherry cake company . 
"smooth and citrusy, mango and grapefruit notes.. solid beer - drinking a genius at user - . photo" 
"another vip hour exclusive, infused tomato soup and the father of the bride grilled cheesus!! . 
"user i popped your cherry in san francisco...." 
"i am channeling me in 1991. cherry docs, striped tights (with . 
"plum crazy for (baking with) plums . via user 
"user user i mean . 
"user omg yes! same! my lunch is rice cooked with broccoli, mushrooms, carrots and a slice of chicke on top!" 
"rt user yum vegan cauliflower soup for lunch! . . 
"apples! do i like apples? lets get apples! @ san jose, california . 
"bananas covered in agave nectar with granola... bro" 
"young peach beach splash . 
"rt user bookmark this side dish for thanksgiving! garlicky roasted mushrooms: . . 
"user honestly i thought that too also what a waste of guacamole like your gun is not that clean ok you can't eat that guac anymore" 
"rt user someone asked me once if turkey and vegetable soup was vegetarian and i was like ah yes turkey my favourite vegetable" 
"user "percieved" james says temato i sat tomato... take it for what it's worth!!! . 
"rt user tell him where he can put his grapes jim" 
"rt user when can i try a pink pineapple? in decades or never never in europe? might have to travel to america for it. no in " 
"microbiablesuser microbiology microscopy loveit cherry tree leaf 10x . 
"pizza topped with broccoli?! . 
"also, we're legalizing carrots! votervaluessummit . 
"rt user dodgers say bbq rib platter, chicken waffle sammy and cheet-o-lote are returning for nlcs. new additions include a " 
"super easy tomato chutney for all occasions and all foodies! . this recipe is great . 
"user user im your huckleberry! *me...tasting of mashed potatoes*" 
"just like these beautiful grapes, we're ready for harvestwineweekend! who's joining the fun . 
"todays special is the beef stir fry including sauted baby bok choy, carrots, onions, bean sprouts, celery,... . 
"fbf buttermilk whole wheat oat pancakes with caramelized bananas and toasted macadamia nuts... yummy! foodporn . 
"creamy vegan pumpkin soup from user fridgg curry appetizer currysoup easyvegandish easyplantbasedsoup . 
"wrap up your week! safe catch tuna salad + watermelon radish + red cabbage + carrots all wrapped in collard green l . 
"rt user a haunting image. glenellenfire northbayfires . 
"when user takes cheese and lettuce only to literall user wheres my patty at?? . 
"rip the broccoli tree . 
"rt user wait, he's not playing 3d chess??? . 
"i added a video to a user playlist . senran kaguara: peach beach splash - gessen arc | episode 4:" 
"let's not forget the undocumented field laborers who plant, water, prune, harvest, and tend to all those grapes . 
"user i heard the novo has a pit passes how do i get this pit pass so i can go bananas for you ps do you like pineapple on your pizza" 
"rt user flowering plum tree vincent van gogh . . 
"rt user trump has no idea where he wants to go, and no idea how to get there: . 
"rt user this is a crepe you uncultured swine . 
"rt user trucker angle of trumps trumptaxscam pitch is completely bananas. how would truckers benefit from repeal of tax hitting fam" 
"in case you were wondering what an mri of broccoli looks like. science tech health food . 
"i love bananas! banana split skit coming up! . 
"fueling up for the weekend with these fried chicken and mashed potatoes sliders from . 
"thinking about potatoes . 
"wtf is this some clickbait false shit . 
"user context for user : . 
"19 cauliflower recipes to hack your favorite comfort foods: . . 
"[psa] head over to . at 4pm pdt for peach beach splash madness &amp; prizes!&lt;-na psn dlc codes(*b . 
"user user user president trump is a good man. you are sour grapes sir" 
"while your wondering what my gameplan is and why im so in the in crowd im getting to it, chopping broccoli etc, churros, cake,, scrubs, gear" 
"i can't stop watching the peach fancam" 
"rt user what's savoury, healthy and delicious? cauliflower fried rice! . healthyrecipes cook " 
"babes mashed potatoes " 
"rt user grapefruit margarita from user foodista's drink blog of the day! . . 
"can dogs eat celery? . 
"user line-talkers "uhhh...i had about 10 min beforrre...can you make that double into a single? extra . 
"user tofu! i get it " 
"i'm back.........tonight is gonna be bananas at chateau nightclub, las vegas. vegas fridaythe13th 33group . 
"rt user [psa] head over to . at 4pm pdt for peach beach splash madness &amp; prizes!&lt;-na psn dlc codes(*b " 
"i paid $10 for toast and tomato welcometocarmel" 
"user user interesting, kelsey plum just got drafted number 1 overall there (she went to my high school)" 
"rt user have you ever used celery root? . 
"rt user .user fresno state winemaker says smoke is an enemy to wine grapes californiawildfires: . 
"country stew with heirloom carrots . 
"user who offering lettuce? " 
"rt user the cherry bomb outfits im screaming . 
"rt user cherry blossoms at kanawaza castle . 
"alex bubba salt &amp; pepper angel shadow chico rex all family cats &amp; dogs bred birds all sorts of finches, parakets peach face love birds &amp;" 
"rt user when your parents text you saying that youve got pizza for dinner but when you get home you see that is a pizza w " 
"user we call this "cherry picking data." yw . 
"user it's like every greek house rented a luxury bus. i mean it is bananas" 
"user mm matches my league icon. ya probably. love cherry blossoms." 
"harvest 2017 daily update: picking our two most important grapes &amp; drying mourvdre for our vin de paille dessert w . 
"user why can't they just be normal peas? why did they have to go through the extra step of converting the hall into a freezer" 
"the 96 most delish ways to eat potatoes . 
"eggs in calabrian chili tomato sauce with crisped prosciutto and spanish chorizo. side of avocado and mozz. . 
"rt user 10 health benefits of oranges . . 
"i love potatoes so much" 
"rt user tony rainwater with the soulful footwork sounds. hella fucking with thisheavy cherry by tony rainwater . 
"this pear and brie treat makes a great snack. . . 
"happy birthday to my bestfriend love you little broccoli head user . 
"rt user "trumps new sabotage of obamacare actually points a gun at the heads of republicans" he's a wrecker user . 
"rt user pineapple.mp4 . 
"it loves guacamole! -- . it pennywise halloween avocado avocados guacamole food . 
"augmentedreality the black eyed peas and marvel team up for comic and augmented reality app . 
"is cherry picking hurting your marketing+sales alignment? find out how to solve the problem . 
"rt user just told my girl she can pick my black heads if she makes me guacamole she makes the best guacamole." 
"rt user my safe word in pineapple juice" 
"would you eat/try pineapple pizza?" 
"rt user "halloween" is class-based us holiday on which rich children receive candy, whilst poor receive methamphetamine and " 
"user of course i agree decertifying is disastrous move, but urge you to reconsider your iran strategy. thin . 
"my salad today is 80% lettuce and 100% sadness." 
"i spit on your grapes makeahorrorfilmforkids" 
"we are proud to announce the opening of vecege in yucca valley. we will be offering 3 escape rooms for your enjoyment." 
"user cherry pick of course and they picked the intel that supported n invasion. because they had no wmd i . 
"i thought i was coughing up blood but im faded af n forgot i just had a cherry cough drop" 
"user peach" 
"*alone at jollibee &amp; orders 6 pc chicken, lrg spaghetti, mashed potatoes, 4 burgers* for here or to go?" 
"south la i405 n / cherry ave **hit and run no injuries** . 
"incredible effects! apply tomato to your face for 10 seconds and see what happens to your skin - . 
"rt user reminder: you can listen and subscribe to us whenever. for free. we talk about movies. often crappy ones. podcast htt" 
"user why doesn't britain tell brussels to stick the rough end of a pineapple, where the sun don't shine? w . 
"rt user yeah. i got 3-4 questions before i order anything. i don't apologize for this. . 
"available for pre-order. nylon active vibe! featuring cherry/white with sunlight activated vibes. pre-order now &gt; . 
"a lighter version of sticky toffee pudding, rich with dates and spices, perfect for your vegan party! &gt;&gt; . 
"nuclear grade bananas. that explains the entire 45 wh. . 
"immune boosting foods sweetpotatoe beets tomato chicken foodphotography balanceddiet . 
"user vinh loi tofu on sherman way. it's a vegan pho restaurant- been my go to lately!" 
"eat. the peas!" 
"i spank my potatoes, but gently and with consent." 
"this was so good!!! user door county cherry soda sprecherbrewery doorcountycherry . 
"fish en papillote | halibut european butter capers olive oil fresh heirloom tomato . 
"honestly plaza bonita is pretty intimidating but i'm thankful for potatoes corner and wetzel pretzel " 
"bible college is great. i laugh at a tomato meme on insta, and suddenly im watching veggie tales w/ my two pk roommates. what a country." 
"rt user cherry blossoms, japan. . 
"here! attending mr. daydream is back - sales event at artfx &amp; furnishings - yucca valley, ca . 
"so wrong! . 
"rt user let's not forget the undocumented field laborers who plant, water, prune, harvest, and tend to all those grapes " 
"rt user leslie grossman reflects on the endurance of mary cherry and rejoining ryan murphys world // link: " 
"i hate mushrooms but i will eat the fried mushrooms from bww " 
"can 'magic mushrooms' kick-start depression help? . 
"be a pineapple! staysweet fixyourcrown standtall . 
"user apricot, mango, and passion fruit (for my father aubrey)" 
"how the napa fires could hurt 2017's wine grapes . . 
"usd 240 online casino no deposit at cherry gold casino htags: doubledown baccaratcasinoonline ... . 
"psa the tomato-mozzarella panini from starbucks is bomb" 
"my lunch 10/13/2017 11:40am whole wheat pita bread,3 eggs(#no yolk),#extra virgin olive oil,#jalapeo, . 
"leslie grossman reflects on the endurance of mary cherry and rejoining ryan murphy's world (exclusive) . 
"thousand island ranch is good. dip my silly carrots in it." 
"next up, senran kagura peach beach splash's teamlegends trailer...go! . skpbs . 
"my life's work is done. . 
"wtf... bananas is all hondurans eat and they are soon to go extinct . 
"rt user harvesting grapes today in napa valley despite fires on both sides. workers out in heavy smoke. abc7news . 
"rt user saving the harvest. sonoma co. winemakers working together to stomp grapes. no power. californiawildfire . 
"mfs sicc as a bitch . 
"rt user dem senator: trump's decision to end key obamacare payments is "nuclear grade bananas" . . 
"this could be a violation...not to mention horrible for the workers lungs... . 
"dreaming about the creamy fresh tomato basil soup as we speak :p" 
"drinking an eclipse - tart cherry (2016) by user - . 
"rt user 4/ fuck you with a pineapple. i hope the entire industry comes crashing down around you." 
"had chips and guacamole for lunch " 
"check this! how the napa fires could hurt 2017's wine grapes . 
"veggies fries with a veggie burger mmmmmmmmmm good clean veggieburger veggies . 
"rt user trad thots need to be rounded up and burnt in the ovens they so advocate . 
"user user cauliflower mash is how i cut out potatoes for the most part." 
"one pot creamy tomato pasta with chicken and spinach - . via user 
"kibble topper recipe: sweet pea spinach oatmeal bites -- . vegan vdog" 
"rt user cheer up with your own set of cherry earrings you can get them in my store . . 
"user "...how many bowls of fermented cabbage they can eat in one session badges?" gil, u r killing me!su . 
"ill be at dorsey high from 9am-8pm tomorrow selling chocolate covered strawberries, candy apples , rice krispey treats ,&amp; more ." 
"you think i'm in pilates?? . 
"this also makes a great trick for meal prep. . 
"user user user the subject is mass murder, maybe you should know the original topic before ch . 
"today's treat from cindyskitchen homemade fish cakes and cabbage pickles!! yay me!!! delicious . 
"rt user 5a softball regional champions: eaglecrest pomona cherry creek legacy arvada west fossil ridge columbine loveland copreps" 
"user do you ever sit on the floor dressed as a walrus and question existence while eating mashed potatoes made from strawberries??" 
"in a pinch, use your lipstick as a blush by blending a small amount into the apples of your cheeks." 
"rt user 13) project cherry blossom: this program targets wireless networks to allow the cia to access those servers. " 
"this . 
"user there's a ted w a guy who invented a "mushroom suit". throw it on, toss you in the ground, mushrooms feed . 
"who wouldve thought pineapple juice triggers labor " 
"rt user look its a secret bunny meeting. what are they talking about? veggies? carrots? world domination? we will never know htt" 
"user just watched dale in the luxor sports book, $110 richer thanks to a savvy bet on my bruins. nesn post . 
"user user that's spider 2 y bananas" 
"rt user cutting weight for grappling competition: can lentils help you lose weight? . bjj martialarts" 
"peach fritter hollies darkslategray all" 
"pumpkin and black bean soup . . 
"valor defeats cherry creek 4-2." 
"used splendasavvies splendanaturals sponsored for my peach cobbler!!! splendasavvies sponsored . 
"rt user here is a diy tomato face mask for you all to enjoy !! user . 
"rain in mexico city, take your bananas too . 
"user aaaaaa thank u apricot ily" 
"pear fuckery continues... joanferguson sneakyrabe pamspearsquad feegles teamjoan pears wentworth . 
"rt user user and the final is you and eddsworld content but its also just an old ladyw ith a grapefruit" 
"rt user get energized for gameday with supergreen guac! saturdaymorning wheatgrass avocado . 
"rt user on the ranch he grew up on, oliver was fed pineapple, asparagus, walnuts, and bananas. then sucked off until he dum " 
"want to win $50 in user grocery gift cards? switchandsave savealotinsiders giveaway . 
"rt user user user that's a mighty big pear wtf she scored the holy grail of majestic fruit" 
"rt user valor defeats cherry creek 4-2." 
"rt user ya and if u put a tiara on my head i'll be princess peach . 
"rt user potatoes are cool tho -versatile (~3.75 billion ways to cook) -resilient (minus that 1 famine) -can light up your world (can c" 
"rt user was thinking about apples, pups and caterpillars this morning, made something from all of them! inktober . 
"rt user beefy resilient grex beans dry out for harvest. once done, well plant garlic, parsnips and carrots! organicgarden " 
"user thank you i wish everyone saw these minor accidents as potatoes like you do." 
"rt user me: is wine just grapes blood? boss: yes me: *confused* youre meant to say questions about the job b: we do things diff" 
"magic mushrooms could 'reset' brain to treat depression . . 
"2pcs peach resin bird cabochons 45mm large bird cabochons . via user 
"user user congrats, jared, on subverting our process, undermining our democracy, and proudly . 
"rt user user there was a huge mistake in the script department, doreen was expecting a pear, not a child. pear so " 
"user pear bearing hips i'm " 
"when there's too much mayo and lettuce on a hot and spicy = " 
"its do-ible. . 
"mini swedish meatballs and mashed potatoes . 
"denver co usa - hotel housekeeping professionals - halcyon a hotel in cherry creek is hiring immediately... . job" 
"peach vodka is gross but imma still drink it " 
"rt user a pineapple, kale &amp; mint smoothie to kickstart this sunny day. happy sunday! myjoburgfooddiary greensmoothie . 
"rt user and i'll i'll go out and i'll find some more of that mulan szechuan teriyaki dipping sauce, morty." 
"the beard legion welcomes you with open arms and bowls of mashed potatoes. . 
"rt user such a sick work of art from user holy guacamole . 
"luckily, i noticed before i bit into the piece and plucked the sausage pieces off, but like...c'mon man. it's a. veggie pizza." 
"why doesnt mexican food come with a tofu option. im not a vegetarian, but i trust tofu more than random meat a lot of times" 
"rt user bananas are a natural sleep aid because they contain melatonin, which helps regulate the bodys natural rhythms." 
"user user algeria doesn't spend nearly as much as the us nor do we have the infrastructure that the us enjoys. apples and oranges." 
"cleanenergy: indy q&amp;a harry reid on why coal industry is doomed yucca mountain still dead and his pick in ... . 
"magic mushrooms may be the key to treating people with depression . . 
"want to find your perfect blush shade? then simply pinch the apples of your cheeks." 
"pro tip: add a shot of aai berry puree to your pineapple juice to cure a crazy hangover" 
"recipe: pressure-cooker meatloaf | kitchn . 
"rt user i made vegetable soup to watch during dirkgentlybbca because it is a jumble of things that are tasty whfn thrown toget" 
"damn feel like im a a bbq for someone who jus got outta jail . 
"steele creek apartment building in cherry creek fetches $142m | denver realestate cherrycreek . 
"music: stack the cabbage feat. crimeapple, al.divino, smoovth, flashius clayton - spectacular d . hiphop rap music" 
"rt user bbq nothing pizza with right pineapple . 
"rt user minghao imitating the peach plushies unconditional and everlasting love for this one (1) man . 
"who is out here smoking the devil's lettuce, they're grounded. " 
"is it you? out here smoking married iguanas? . 
"that's got nothing to do with the devil's lettuce. . 
"out there smoking the devil's lettuce." 
"user thats me i love potatoes" 
"220 online casino free spins at cherry casino bet htags: victorylandcasinonews onlinecasinofor ... . 
"i got the princess peach cover plates for the new 3ds and it's just too cute every time i look over at it" 
"220% online casino match bonus at cherry gold gambling casino htags: sobobacasino sanmanuelindian ... . 
"2.do you have a favorite candy? cherry twizzlers . 
"dogs eat turds, so why can't we: deconstructing tofu rejectedcookbooktitles" 
"rt user user user not only does it not give trump leverage; it actually increases pressure on *republicans* " 
"hunters and kitties and minis and cutie grand baby and cherry pie. that's what fall is made of. lol" 
"check out my new post! slow-roasted salmon with fennel, citrus, and chiles :) . 
"yummymango 1k/lb. pm me now weedstagram420 mmj psychedelics shrooms mushrooms dmt acid lsd trippy . 
"i'm trying this fruit-infused water from hint. i got peach &amp; the variety pack. check it out . . 
"trumplethinskin is a crotch-fondling slab of rancid meatloaf botsresist" 
"cherry always swoops in tl handle cry babies like- . 
""our dates involve less innuendo, more potatoes. marriedlife" shittmoneysays" 
"retweet this amazing mexican grilled chicken cobb salad . via user chicken easyrecipe . 
"grilled salmon . 
"rt: cherry run es cherryrunes1 elementary school for summercamp at royalcyberclub . 
"rt user decided to try something new. pan seared salmon with sauteed spinach and a butter based sauce i improvised. . 
"thanks user up 4 some fun? ccot tcot tlot pjnet teaparty rednationrising lnyhbt waar . 
"sauteed sweet potatoes! healthyfood healthyeats foodie recipe recipes foodshare . . 
"i like apples but the good kind only!!!!!!!!" 
"weight watchers lettuce wraps {3 pointsplus} weightwatchers . from foodfunfamily archives" 
"monkeys dont sell bananas " 
"chick walk up to me in the club and said smell this napkin. and i did. lucky for me it smelled like pineapple. " 
"rt user interesting ... magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain . 
"rt user websites love to do posts like youve been eating bananas wrong this whole time but heres the thing: no i fuckin havent. shu" 
"shades of peach in summer garden! flowers . gardenersworld see video! . 
"garlic shrimp &amp; tomato pasta. . 
"immerse yourself in cherry blossoms! flower flowers . gardenersworld see video! . 
"rt user a monkey cant sell bananas. livepd . 
"look: exclusive collab between atls original fani and las anwar carrots . 
"tilapia cabbage &amp; cornbread! food foodshare foodie healthyeats healthyeating . . 
".user is discounting the future with shoddy math and cherry-picked data . protectcpp" 
"rt user like peas in a pod and birds of a feather, alone or together, you'll find that we are two-oo-oo, oo-oo-oo, oo-oo-o " 
"grown men should never bite they tongue unless you eating pussy that taste like a sour plum kendrick" 
"logitech g410 atlas tenkeyless or corsair vengeance k65 compact mechanical keyboard w/ cherry mx red switches $55 . " 
""well he hasn't learned from getting all sassed and chewed out by cherry yet." . 
"rt user succulent peach roses wedding program . weddings bridal bridetobe weddingplanning " 
"user user why does that matter? she wasn't the one elected president. apples and oranges (literally)." 
"brussel sprouts, broccoli, and cauliflower to improve gut health - great way to avoid drugs (for many)... . 
"halls cough drops, (cherry, 9 drops, 20-pack) $3.90 or less w/subscribe &amp; save amazon . slickdeals" 
"user user cherry?" 
"rt user i want some fried potatoes and cinnamon rolls" 
"this story was very necessary and brightened my entire morning . 
"user what did u make? i have a lot of chick peas i have to use up" 
"commissioned a painting of mario watching peach undress with speech bubble saying "mama mia"" 
"the dangers of cherry-picking the data on us military readiness to serve a particular narrative: . 
"user user yum. that reminds me i also have potatoes to use..." 
"i am hobbitlike in my love of mushrooms, so i can absolutely get behind this. . . 
"rt user okay guys, its time to have a chat about this advert for potatoes on the tube. [thread] . 
"rt user the dangers of cherry-picking the data on us military readiness to serve a particular narrative: " 
"so tom petty died and that's horrible, but why the fuck is meatloaf still alive?!? rip freefalling" 
"president voldemort is a crotch-fondling slab of rancid meatloaf botsresist" 
"just favorited "guavid - bodger &amp; badger's hunt for the mashed pot..." by phl0giestone on mixcloud . 
"tropical peach canna flowers! flower flowerpower . gardenersworld see video! . 
"rt user spinach &amp; artichoke shrimp alfredo pizza . 
"user user user now the smartest one is def bananas, he always makes it to the finals..." 
"news via nytimes "foiled in congress, trump moves on his own to undermine obamacare" by robert pear and reed abe . 
"rt user owning the normies by trading your car for ketchup and teriyaki sauce . 
"rt user would that there were more "baby" things like how there are baby carrots" 
"user remember when you threw the spinach" 
"chicken shrimp and broccoli alfredo" 
"black eyed peas - imma be . nowplaying cirrusplayer" 
"the point of replay is to get the call correct and they did on that play. . 
"rt user new artwork for sale! - "yucca curls" - . user . 
"user go eat a pineapple. or wait, is it porcupine??" 
"user it aint over bro...but it always feels like the cubs have that magic advantage. and as a reds fan. . 
"rt user leave it to me to be out for sushi and ask the bartender if i can eat one of the oranges he had in the basket cuz m " 
"rt user "your feelings are valid, i accept you how you are and you never have to put on for me" also: if you like pineappl " 
"t-bone steak, broccoli &amp; cheese, and dinner rolls." 
"black amigo numbers got the trap going bananas " 
"user user user two peas in a pod. both disgusting fakenewsliars !!!!!!!!!!!" 
"popped my diner cherry! . 
"dry beans and peas can lower your food bills dramatically. find out how. . . 
"literally just gonna eat mashed potatoes for dinner. i dont care anymore lol" 
"i love sauted mushrooms though fr" 
"it was so much fun making this pesto mozzarella and diced tomato cauliflower pizza with our . 
"rt user spinach pasta soup recipe : . recipe" 
"this gif perfectly illustrates what broccoli wishes it tasted like... . 
"rt user rude . 
"nom! the best ever panera-inspired copycat broccoli &amp; cheese soup recipe yum recipeoftheday copycat . 
"you wont answer me . 
"user green borscht is my absolute fave,a spinach soup" 
"documentaries ft carrots" 
"sloppy joe's were a success. next time a little more salt. but the whole can of tomato paste was on point." 
"gunna go buy me some green apples" 
"cauliflower and tomato rassa - fresh from the kitchen! cookiliciousveg . 
"rt user if u got a problem w/taking a knee over this you'd prolly sit and watch old school lynchings while drinking sweet t " 
"our mini mason jar easy banana pudding has fresh bananas, whipped cream, and vanilla wafers. . . 
"rt user follow user sexy erotic porn nsfw nude the fairest of them all sexyfollow beautiful user c " 
"baked sausages with apples sheet pan dinner - jo cooks . 
"wrap chicken breast tenders in back and baste it with teriyaki sauce while you grill it, for a high protein, yummy . 
"i just saw glass animals and i gave dave my pineapple i love you guys user 
"pineapple boy you beautiful man" 
"me with my pineapple before i gave it to dave i love you man user . 
"malai swimwear - cherry bralette bikini set . newproducts . 
"nowplaying nah-tarsha cherry - alright on . 
"user looks awesome..what is in the "prickly pear" might i suggest tequila??" 
"rt user emma smells like cinnamon and regina smells like apples. no printer just fax. . 
"rt user i'm cherry, a young female cairnterrier. 39624832 . . 
"rt user do you teach your students at user such biased/cherrypicked viewpoints? what's your response to this " 
"fresh grapefruit juice in the morning " 
"rt user i need a price or a recipe . 
"rt user i dont eat like this anymore smh . 
"rt user ad: this skillet pork chops w/ grapes &amp; caramelized shallots recipe is a delicious dinner for easy weeknight meals. " 
". men's nike foamposite one eggplant shoes size 9 new in box . 
"zss, peach, and bayo probably the most fun chars imo. if you play a char that can't kill early idk what you trying to do lol fuck that" 
"despite jancis robson i like the boxed wine from florida - pineapple with dense cedary on my lips - darby farms 74pts" 
"rt user you might of just did something!!! . 
"rt user wow, just when i thought life couldn't get any better . 
"rt user a pineapple frozen cup ,a hot sausage &amp; a pickle egg sound so good right now" 
"dram - broccoli feat. lil yachty (official music video) . nowplaying dagr8fm dagr8fmapp" 
"i did the beginning of the peach turnip fs nair lock on user and that dude quit out so fast i cried" 
"rt user looks like a hand towel dipped in tomato sauce. . 
"rt user murphy's law states anything that can go wrong will go wrong, but have you heard of cole's law? it's finely sliced cabb" 
"user anyway im passing out so peas" 
"!!! omg !!! -i got beans greens potatoes tomatoes remix by.keyon da don -must c click below . . 
"hieroglyphic being &amp; the configurative or modular me trio - apples" 
"rt user dunking for apples but its fried mac n cheese balls and the water is regular mac n cheese" 
"user this is the worst thing to happen since california put broccoli on pizza. . 
"user young broccoli." 
"our dinner specials are - rosemary braised lamb shanks; blackened salmon tacos with pineapple salsa &amp; avocado;... . 
"flavorful, hearty, and satisfying, this vegan creamy roasted tomato soup is perfect for . . 
"our camo juice has 6 cups of hand poured organic spinach &amp; kale juice with pineapple, green apple &amp; lemon! . 
"rt user the response to gather has been bananas. we're at about 900 people requesting invites. letsgather, shall we? . 
"residential price: $139900. address: 1539 plum tree rd, holiday, florida 34690 one story. mls u... - . 
"me too...love apples... hope you and your family have a beautiful weekend... . 
"rt user "i enjoy pancakes too!" said the thing that looked like her son, but cherry knew something was wrong. . 
"oh snap! what a gread idea and i love you serving them in tea cups! i'm going to copy for my girl's christmas gala, . 
"we thought some basic knowledge about the german's favorite side is interesting. potatoes knowledge . 
"i came back from amsterdam w memory loss, adoration for the dutch &amp; a craving for cheese. they rock circulareconomy . 
"whats cooking? tarlets served with chicken and asparagus sauce, bread with italian salad and . 
"sitting senator calls the potus's decision "nuclear grade bananas". we should be worried right? nucleargradebananas . 
"pineapple . 
"user user i like chris murphy's take: "nuclear grade bananas" . 
"rt user a mashup idea for 2 games that i thought would be fun. featuring 2p [princess peach x 2b] &amp; co. nierautomata " 
"pecan crusted mahi over gouda cheese grits served with grilled asparagus and finished with pineapple ginger chutney . 
"mlo october 13, 2017 labline: first local case of zikv in fl, new virus-carrying mosquitoes in south fl, disease-tr . 
" dah wutchu get bih, all dat lip service &amp; gotcha ass pieced up . 
"rt user gluten free pineapple upside down cake for two - simple ingredients, sweetened w/honey! sponsored by user " 
"rt user sergeant cabbage and k9 finn during their k9 water training earlier this week. we didn't know k9s could fly too.... http" 
"rt user i really thought this was a king cake...man i'm ready for mardi gras . 
"i love cherry flavored anything " 
"user probably same dude who put bananas on the floor . 
"rt user phloemxylem-plant transpiration process learning w/celery (note to self: extra celery &amp; ranch next time!) " 
"instant pot tomato soup . 
"magic mushrooms 'reboot' brain in depressed people study . 
"first time ni cherry sa subway teamnoinvite breakfastclubgoestonewyork breakfastclub . 
"daily dose of broccoli could prevent heart disease . . 
"pair chicken sausage and broccoli in this pasta dish for a delicious dinner. . . 
"just tapped: peach habanero mead | honeywine 7.0% abv . 
"after 2 months of eating way to much apples, bananas, nuts, and eggs, i've started seeing results. it feels really nice." 
"rt user healthy dessert alert! try these no guilt slow cooker pumpkin stuffed apples from user " 
"rt user lol a president once said he didn't like broccoli and had to apologize." 
"the cherry with a 13!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! . 
"rt user cobb with shrimp, crab, butter lettuce, mesclun, grape tomatoes, pancetta, mignonette vinaigrette. . 
"rt user florio believes zeke will play vs 49ers because of a potential 14-day window. . 
"rt user i like mine with lettuce and tomato, heinz 57 and french fried potatoes . 
"rt user the huda beauty foundation looks cute but i realized there weren't many shades with a peach undertone only golden. " 
"check out tailorbyrd mens jacket blazer sport coat pink blue peach plaid stretch new 42 s . via user 
"i really hope that some of these are photoshoped, because if not... barf! . 
"rt user this rumcocktail with peach-chilli syrup is fiery and delicious! a great bbqparty drink! . htt" 
"rt user apples earth-friendly packaging comes from the swedish forests . applenews" 
"weekly sale: antique 18" imari charger. cobalt blue background; traditional cherry, pine and bamboo floral motif. r . 
"rt user [live] it's time for a peach-a-thon! streaming up to 15 hours!! . . 
"rt user so do something user instead of just watching the house burn down. this is my life your tweeting about . 
"happy friday!! to celebrate we're doing some healthy eating today, with this veggie delight . special pie: shaved . 
"rt user one of my favorite uses for overripe bananas: glutenfree double chocolate banana bread - try it today! " 
"georgia peach flavor highdrateme energywater @ south beach, miami . 
"these lit? . 
"baptists love them some grandads apples. senioradults . 
"user user the affordable healthcare is not affordable. insurance companies are dropping obamacare . 
"its badass even by burrito standards: hamburrito is here! ground beef, cheddar, bacon, lettuce, . 
"rt user trump is like a giant diseased ape, lashing out and crushing nearby bystanders in his rage . by user 
"i need my lettuce when it's new" 
"rt user 'peas and rice' doesn't even make sense . 
"nobody push this w chicken and broccoli w/o something else . 
"little *** like lil grapes . 
"this art is bananas. b-a-n-a-n-a-s! : nwallen.artist wpbarts nahm showyourart2017 yellow . 
"i just found out bananas are going extinct, this is a tragedy." 
"the winter pineapple classic is nov. 5, where runners will carry a chf pineapple the for leukemia and lymphoma soc . 
"its out! get it now at . talie v beauty peach potion . . 
"peach vinegar &amp; green meyer lemons for a new shrimp taco w/ a few other yums user loshooligans meyer . 
"mushrooms, zucchini, onions, peppers and asparagus are yummy veggies you can quickly cook on the grill in a just a . 
"artists have until oct. 20 to apply to lease studio space at the newly completed user . 
"user user user its easy for someone like u to cherry pick scripture to further ur hate but jesus nev . 
"rt user coverreveal on my blog! meatloaf and mistletoe is a christmas home run! grab the preorder for 99c! " 
"rt user user you can request a lettuce wrap instead of a bun. you just have to ask :) can't wait to see you at lunch!" 
"rt user yall still using the bible to justify marital rape... convenient cherry picked christian trash. . 
"rt user fall vegetables and herb galette | sweet potato, apples, herbs, &amp; whole grain mustard in a buttery crust. " 
"user you're delusional. apples to apples comp plans will cost more. crap plans less." 
"magic mushrooms could reboot brains in depressed people . 
"is peach solo-mainable" 
"user user user sins a sin. keep cherry picking the bible though. hypocrite." 
"double focaccia with spinach and mortadella only click the link if you're hungry ...... . 
"rt user user u doin more than most lil lettuce . 
"rt user young nachos with rice, beans, ground beef, queso, lettuce, pico, guac, and sour cream with a side of queso . 
"user they need a better hobby,like serving dinners to the homeless and hungry,make some pumpkin soup!" 
"apple pie cake 6 in-2 layer spice cake filled with cinnamon apples, topped with cream cheese frosting and more... . 
"user user well there's certain salads that lettuce is best for. celery while not eaten directly . 
"rt user fl ag commissioner re hurricane irma: putnam says farm workers in many parts of florida have no crops to pick. . 
"rt user bitcoin is going bananas . 
"retweeted bitcoin_friend (user bitcoin is going bananas . . 
"celebrating the never-ending summer here in south florida with this&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;spinach watermelon . 
"rt user tampa is now the no. 1 exporter of pickled oranges thanks to user . clmusic tampamusic via" 
"user user user well, the instagram things are just strange, but all i know is that eve . 
"that's me either with guacamole and bread or nutella and bread . 
"what was on the menu for the first meal eaten in space by an american astronaut? a. mashed potatoes b.... . 
"rt user pockets b lookin like lettuce" 
"rt user the next user release today and its a (fun) doozy! review: . tater cuisine at its " 
"my latest favorite: cranberry pineapple banana smoothie . 
"rt user dump so many clips the monkeys outta bananas..." 
"lunch 1: kingfish salad sandwich - chopped &amp; mixed with sriracha mayo, onions, bell peppers, &amp; celery, lettuce, tomato, onion, brioche bun" 
"do your part: throw a frozen peach at a liberal" 
"a little snack. tomatoes with spinach, avocado, black bean hummus and balsamic glaze. yum . 
"old pics of baby lettuce from 2 years ago. i miss my son so much . 
"rt user book idea: tofu for beginners." 
"coupon fashion women shoes shoe style buy now: $64 converse ctas lux mid 551618c black cherry women s... . 
"tropichop from pollo with the pineapple rum sauce always hits the spot" 
"we enjoyed chicken salad sandwiches for lunch. what's on your menu? take a photo and insert it in the comment sec . 
"rt user 9. i have to restart my potatoes . 
"one time i fell asleep at the table because i couldnt finish my peas . 
"you will need: mushrooms, red onions, and just a few minutes to cook this pasta dish: . 
"rt user randy's recipes: big boy cherry bed soda . 
"kale and pea pesto!! add to pasta, chicken, fish, potatoes, works with anything and is soooo good! . 
"rt user coupon fashion women shoes shoe style buy now: $64 converse ctas lux mid 551618c black cherry women s... " 
"rt user plum moukaite triple beaded necklace gifts for women jewe . artisticjewelry jewelryforwomen https" 
"rt user just tapped: peach habanero mead | honeywine 7.0% abv . 
"rt user a picture of ignorance. god forgive those that vote for pineapple princess nancy pelosi. . 
"today's meal plan. simply seared snapper ...crispy brusselsprouts buttery baked potatoes. . 
"original art/original painting/mushrooms art/food art/organic by lindablondheimart . via user 
"ever tried separating the mushrooms from the chicken at kyoto? that really gets your brain goin" 
"what a treat! chef benavides and his culinary students' chicken salad sandwich lunch combo is amazing! outstanding . 
"today's three course vegetarian lunch for two poached pear, caramelised walnut &amp; gorgonzola . 
"bruh check this shit out . 
"mermaids in our future! cherry and almond extract? yes please! color me fuchsia mica to go . 
"my banana pudding and mashed potatoes were a hit" 
"user lowkey mk isn't that hard for peach in this meta. and diddy is getting better. sonic is looking to be worse though" 
"happiness is having a homemadejuice so much goodness right here kale, celery, carrot, . 
"fall is an absolutely gorgeous time of year if you have the colors please go out and enjoy this weekend pumpkins/ki . 
"rt user what a treat! chef benavides and his culinary students' chicken salad sandwich lunch combo is amazing! outstanding " 
"rt:elledecor: recipe: pumpkin soup with asian flair . . rodmrrealestate tampa florida rea" 
"rt user peas and rice , das just common sense . 
"rt user i wish i could wrap this kids dick in spinach and eat it" 
"ufm is happy to share with you articles re: men's health: magic mushrooms could literally reboot your brain: . 
"user user i love their biscuits and mashed potatoes" 
"rt user what i think of peach's match up chart . 
"user user bruh literally me, if you dont eat those ga damn peas ima knock ya nose off " 
"the reasons why you should eat grapes... goodhealth healthbenefits nomeat @ homestead, . 
"user user grape or cherry?" 
"user user user sexual predators only beg for second chance when they get caught.this man along w/thi . 
"rt user happy friday!! to celebrate we're doing some healthy eating today, with this veggie delight . special pie: shaved " 
"pear &amp; raspberry tart yum foodiegram whatatart . 
"user you don't have the same values as you. your a scumbag. you remind me of someone. oh hillary. two peas in th . 
"user your definition of belief is the definition for a factual or true belief. a belief may aslo be false. cherry picking fallacy." 
"freestyle fridays over here at fog! todays special is a vegetarian naan flatbread w/ fresh mozz, tomato, artichok . 
"now i know they trying to get me out of the hospitol.just gave me yellow socks to wear and broccoli salad for... . 
"did you know that raw carrots can keep excess estrogen at bay? read more about it below! carrots estrogen... . 
"rt user i think it was user who coined trump's razor, the stupidest thing will always be done stupidly with russia usua " 
"if you can't afford $2 for your guacamole maybe you shouldn't get it" 
"rt user i jut love carrots vegifucker . 
"black beans and rice with maduros mixed in idc" 
"cooking rule: if at first you don't succeed, order a chicken fajita salad from cactus cantina!! tgif . 
"easy, healthy &amp; savory pumpkin soup recipe - having fun saving &amp; cooking . 
"rt user recipe: pumpkin soup with asian flair . . 
"weightloss with penn jillette eating...potatoes ??! check it out! . . 
"user user user i say all this just to illustrate my view, not an argument. i see how you . 
"user just plain peach?" 
"rt user my god is right. the man is setting health insurance markets on fire because of his obama obsession and fragile ego. https:" 
"rt user why were excited about non-browning gmo apples hitting shelves, in three words: reduced food waste! " 
"enlightened black cherry chocolate chip . i feel black cherry is usually a hit or miss flavor . 
"so i put some green apples in my lunch smoothie..... no bueno . 
"rt user ayoo! new gameplay vid up of ya boy being ike "turner" v peach "eat the cake ana mae" check it out! sub me on yt https:" 
"rt user user kale, spinach, pineapple,etc. a blend of fruits and veggies but you can't taste the veggies at all" 
"go put pineapple on your pizza you weirdo . 
"rt user rt user solitary bees &amp; bumblebees provide an impt service - pollinating apples, squash, strawberries, " 
"go watch your nerdy ass quasi-intellectual cartoon for man-children lol . 
"rt user damn . 
"rt user i always get the same kind of soup at panera: broccoli cheddar (its basically the best one)" 
"rt user need a worldeggday breakfast? shakshouka rancheros! eggs poached in a spiced tomato/tomatillo sauce with veggies! " 
"rt user pancakes covered in chocolate and bananas. . 
"rt user trump intentionally weakening obamacare . 
"user this with the publix peach tea?" 
"can magic mushrooms help to cure depression? . 
"ricebowl with chicken blackbeans tomato onion cilantro sauce superrico colombianfood foodporn food food . 
"french onion pork chops and potatoes via user . 
"what is you musical broccoli? basically an artist that you know you are supposed to enjoy, or that all of your... . 
"rt user user user bruh literally me, if you dont eat those ga damn peas ima knock ya nose off " 
"this is what im craving right now . 
"makeahorrorfilmforkids fields of broccoli . 
"guys i just did a thing! i mixed starbucks vanilla coffee with new amsterdam peach vodka and it is amazing. premium 4loko" 
"user foh with that cherry bullshit. to the death!!" 
"rt user user i'll impersonated jong hyungnim "hajima you ugli peach" "nuemo for lyfe" "caps error" "emo everytime " 
"pockets be looking like lettuce." 
"if anyone was wondering if i was eating chips and guacamole in the bathtub, the answer is yes." 
"it's a savory and delicious topping for your potatoes or as a spread for toast. . . 
"debbie richards talks about all things wild apricot at atdalc user user . 
"no we don't you ignorant grapefruit . 
"cool and crisp salads from marie's bistro are just the thing you need on a hot afternoon! "lettuce" do the cooking . 
"we may be in south fl, but we're on 'brazilian time' with this signature craft cocktail. made with pineapple infuse . 
"fridaydeal ~ enjoy this 10' dark cherry conferencetableonsale for just $438.99 + freeshipping today! . 
"rt user the florida orange crop is at its lowest level since 1947, thanks to hurricaneirma: . " 
"user if it was lettuce...barely any nutrients and all water." 
"if u play the song broccoli any where near me u are officially my enemy" 
"rt user user this ep is bananas dude. gnarly af, u gotta do something with user 
"rt user we may be in south fl, but we're on 'brazilian time' with this signature craft cocktail. made with pineapple infuse " 
"im a peach left to rot. " 
"rt user user come on down here and talk like that!! you'll be eating mashed potatoes and soup for bout 6 weeks lol" 
"user user but did u hear about my broccoli incident" 
"rt user debbie richards talks about all things wild apricot at atdalc user user . 
"should i dye my hair red(a cherry red), pink, or keep it black?" 
"user user user nigga met her at the crossroads with a pack of peach rings" 
"one of these nights i'm gonna fling my entire bag of broccoli into the microwave and eat that mofo" 
"credit repair in peach district, columbus, oh: free credit repair counseling in peach . 
"user loves it! he just doesnt like fruit yet, only veggies, rice, chicken and potatoes" 
"rt user i'm so desperate for crabs, corn , eggs , potatoes &amp; sausages " 
"i'm glad i don't have a weird shaped head cause some of y'all cut y'all hair &amp; look like beat up oranges" 
"tbh i could eat user bacon ranch crispy chicken salad everyday for the rest of my life . 
"pumpkin spice fried apple rings recipe fall dessert recipeoftheday yummy pumpkinspice apples . 
"rt user user user rt user "floral pillow cover turquoise orange peach green black.. etsy pottiteam " 
"atdalc create a "board only" page in wild apricot for self-service!" 
"user is that p-p-pineapple on a pizza . 
"user baby carrots in peanut butter. natural, because im not a savage. . 
"lunch : smoked sausage with peppers &amp; onions tossed in a creamy dijon sauce. fresh sliced peach . 
"caramel apples &amp; candy apples...yum fallwithsmiley . 
"and lord help if you some old lady is trying to look up a handful of oranges" 
"whip up theseveggie lover's spaghetti squash pizza boats for a low-carb + gluten-free pizza night o . 
"user or just a paper bag full of 20 oranges and nothing else" 
"fairytale eggplant with red pepper and garlic sauces [vegan, grain-free] . 
"roasted tofu and grilled seitan dumplings [vegan] . 
"kara's precious idol boy for inktober2017 today. (light peach is pencil bc had to save this face from my awful sha . 
"this peach looking lying ass bitch . 
"user user nooo girl not the sweet peach collection the brand new peaches and cream set with the . 
"user jeff, jeff come on. weinstein is small potatoes. when are you going to go after the real criminals . 
"lunch was bomb!!! chicken, burrata cheese, broccoli, and olives! thank you fitbeautyforlife . 
"'magic mushrooms' may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients, study suggests radiology . 
"in the united states, lettuce is the second most popular fresh vegetable. . 
"ketchup on the sauce like im tomato " 
"i'll say merrychristmas when the hypochristians actually practice the word of god accurately versus cherry picking." 
"so i brought some grapes to work and told my co-worker he can have the ones on the left . 
"rt user apples vp of diversity and inclusion says shes frustrated by a focus on minorities . 
"rt user snatched the last prickly pear cactus! next stop behindtheseeds tour! livefromwdw wdw epcot livingwiththeland " 
"user pretty bawls-y thing to do. hopefully he doesn't ginger-ly cherry pick your bawls." 
"rt user this cheesy chicken broccoli shells recipe is not only delicious, but requires minimal clean up. teeterrecipes . 
"rt user like it or not: broccoli may be good for the gut . 
"the way user vocals stacked and reaching on user dr. davis is not to be played with! user &amp; user is bananas " 
"rt user introducing our newest style: pear cider! it is delicately crafted to highlight the mellow sweetness of pears. " 
"user user user user you get your vitamin c, a green vegetable, celery &amp; a bu . 
"rt user you are my peach you are my plum . 
"rt user don't know how i feel about this, but you may have just done somethin . 
"rt user bin: $55. fire king pyrex hand painted peach blossom nesting mixing 4 bowl set vintage . . 
"blondie did the same thing to me over some meatloaf smh. i spilled juice in it so i couldnt eat it . 
"antique antique rare early cherry red paint black dirk in new england pristine . please retw . 
"emergency blimp is bananas, krule did the thing" 
"user can i see the pineapple lol" 
"user grilled chicken breast, a boiled frozen vegetable and a starch from a box like rice a roni" 
"user bring back the spinach dip pls" 
"rt user vintage schrager jewelry set, rhinestone grapes and mesh, brooc . pottiteam vintagejewelry ht" 
"chicken salad has left the building." 
"rt user try our pear, figs &amp; gorgonzola salad recipe &amp; learn more about user freshworksfreshness : " 
"rt user from the table of my southern cuisines. green cabbage, greens &amp; carrots. . 
"i liked a user video . oh shiitake mushrooms "gamestop" rant/roast | dee dave" 
"a must or pass? high value coupon alert!! 60 cents off 1 luck's fried apples or fried peaches! savings click --&gt; . 
"new artwork for sale! - "ancient prickly pear " - . user . 
"user user i bet y'all would taste like cotton candy and bananas &gt;;9" 
"apricot mesh rhinestone embellished bodysuit black . 
"darios pizza thank you for never changing &amp;making me the pizza slut i am today (l: chicken ca . 
"rt user my brother said beep beep lettuce yesterday and my dad asked what it meant, i said there is literally no meaning, a " 
"rt user no pineapple slander on my tl . 
"candied apples. thechocolateapronbakingco pastrychef baltimore dmv homemade entrepreneur . 
"new video: this day - not my mama's beef stew . 
"user awesome bitcoin blockchain! user it's bananas atm go crypto!" 
"user two peas in a pod." 
"you ever fucked a tomato? its like fucking a sneeze lmfao wth" 
"rt user spinach, kale and spices can help promote eye health. what are other types of food that can boost your eyesight? . 
"ad turmeric cauliflower soup made dairyfree with user almondmilk! . . 
"rt user some prefer this over pineapple. . 
"rt user please rt recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe creamy bacon chive hasselback potatoes " 
"rt user i'll give ya granny da smith.. how u like dem apples . 
"rt user chicken pasta - super tasty! the garlic, bacon, mushrooms + white wine add so much flavour . " 
"rt user please rt! recipes food dessert quick and easy cabbage-apple saute . . 
"rt user spelling bee judge: your word is "bananas" gwen stefani: oh fuck yes" 
"i really like potatoes." 
"these delicious apple crumble bars combine apples, oats, and cinnamon for a tasty crumbly bite. get the recipe here . 
"user those are some funny looking mushrooms." 
"we wrote today to compare and contrast apples and pumpkins. so proud of our writing. ccsbfreebookfriday . 
"wearing plum such a great fall color. dm me to order leahslalalips lipsense lipboss . 
"user hes used apples in analogies before. maybe i should bring a bucket of them to next meeting and see if that helps " 
"kindergarten takes a bite out of learning! fall apples dopbschools ascsjupiter @ all saints . 
"dont live in chicago but craving deep dish pizza? no problem! check out this deep dish spinach pizza recipe! . 
"user user user user you're so sure? i thought the concept of "bad barrels" mak . 
"user mushrooms banana peels turtle shells --" 
"let your chicken breasts marinate in a sweet teriyaki sauce for a couple hours before you grill them for a sweet an . 
"bobbing for apples - . . via user 
"i still listen to cherry hill by user everyday. songs too good" 
"spinach is packed with nutrients that prevent dementia and delay cognitive decline. eat up! . 
"rt user money hidden in bananas,this is how money reaches to terrorists nowadays... watch this video . 
"made cherry and dutch apple pies today for the first time. cherry tastes great, but didn't brown evenly. . 
"fries with queso dip, bacon bits, tomato &amp; cheddar, fishtacos, &amp; crabcakes user lovefl . 
"my best cauliflower pizza crust! get it now!. 
"rt user tomato juice..... just why? it's like drinking unseasoned pasta sauce. . 
"you wylin . 
"user you're in the south now, 0. peach salsa is great." 
"2017's antifa fall items . 
"avocados and bananas in diet may help prevent heart disease . . 
"rt user red delicious applepicking fall appleorchard autumn newyork apples fallfashion fashionista " 
"rt user yall hear that gwen stefani aint no hollaback girl???? this shit is bananas!!!! b-a-n-a-n-a-s" 
"rt user straight from the 212. yung rapunxel is now a fierce, plum lipstick by user . 9/5 mac212 ht" 
"roasted cornish hen with orange glazed carrots and zucchini ayannacancook mykitchen @ . 
"amazing! gotta love a good shroom trip! all organic !!! magic mushrooms reset brains of depressed . 
"rt user sweet and delicious almond apricot tart by jane lockhart of user . 
"baking! tomato pies w/ caramelized onions, rich cheese topping: shredded swiss, grated parmigiano, diced mozzare . 
"is it dinner time yet? how about a rubbed and roasted half chicken with black rice, white beans, . 
"user it's mostacvicicoliso rigati with some classico fire-roasted tomato and garlic sauce!" 
"mint chip smoothie: almond milk, avocado, spinach/kale pulp, almond butter, banana, dates, lucuma, cacao nibs &amp; sal . 
"apples whet sexual appetite . oldpostsfornewfollowers" 
"cooking grilled chicken, rice, and salad " 
"rt user twitter topics 1) couples splitting rent 2) friends splitting group dinner checks 3) who's paying for dates 4) pin " 
"rt user turnip greens, field peas, sweet potato pumpkin user . 
"our funky beet juice is kale, chard, pineapple, beet, green apple &amp; lemon! sarasota investinyourhealth . 
"rt user a duck walked up to a lemonade stand and he said to the man, running the stand, "hey! (bum bum bum) got any grapes? " 
"rt user mcpherson volleyball team plays at 1pm and 8pm today at the hutchinson sports arena (1300 n plum st. hutchinson) co " 
"there's nothing i hate more than peeling oranges." 
"rt user crawfish corn &amp; potatoes . 
"my grandma is making me eat lentils cause they're "healthier" n i'm so sad i miss u user 
"pear and prosciutto salad recipe . via user 
"user meatloaf is honestly a steal for the price." 
"user yeah i spent many hours playin cabbage patch kids and smurfs. when metroid came out for nintendo i . 
"user apples is preparing us for when the us collapses" 
"baked tomato pies end product! . 
"the many benefits that come from using grapefruit essentialoil . naturalhealth . 
"retweet for big family peas with my bro user always fishing with user . 
"rt user retweet for big family peas with my bro user always fishing with user . 
"rt _darcizzle_: retweet for big family peas with my bro connor_arahill always fishing with saltlifeoptics . 
"yes, so true!! tea is amazing. my favorite is green tea. living in the south, it is green peach tea!! . 
"we truly have a kakistocracy . 
"it was just a fuck lmao . 
"rt user tom watched in amazement as kyle finally pulled out of his wife's ass and gushed a huge amount of cum over her peac " 
"just remembered i'm getting eggplant this weekend. wow. what a blessing. truly grateful. many thank yous." 
"cheers! . 
"rt user goldman sachs revenue: $37 bil. bitcoin revenue: $0 goldman sachs mkt cap: $92 bil. bitcoin mkt cap: $96 bil. how " 
"listen i just ask god, that mi bebe smells like this cabbage patch kid. i was the weird one . . am. " 
"**** check out our latest deals **** naked100 chill e-liquid golden pineapple - price: $26.99 . 
"preparing the bacon wrapped stuffed chicken with smoked gouda, asparagus &amp; sun-dried tomato . it is always a ple . 
"already excited for next week's user workshops in cherry hill, nj! i've updated my deck and my session is . 
"pollo? carnitas? pulpo? all the above? or none? grilled? roasted? sousvide? torched? sauce? mojo? . 
"mrs. senior with oranges in 8th grade lol user . 
"when you forget slave labor literally makes your banana republic cloths, and your bananas.... . 
"crock pot pot roast with potatoes and carrots . . 
"user user looks good...minus the mushrooms " 
"so im at panera and i ordered a caesar salad and bit into a piece of chicken.... yall already know i spit that piece out" 
"user if there arent any mexicans to pick the lettuce,that doesnt mean the owner of the crop lets the l . 
"dinner: 5pm-8pm - bartram springs food truck friday, 14530 cherry lake dr. e. teamlove jaxtruckies jftfc findjaxfoodtrucks" 
"baby foot peel peach moisturizing socks - intensive &amp; ultra repairing foot mask... - kimberly jones - blog booster . 
"rt user "why do you always choose princess peach in mario kart?" . 
"yahoo! we are so happy for cabbage, doby, colleen (reunited with owner ) moe, ferrari, hannah and joel - they... . 
"time to enjoy some yellow rice and yucca! if you've never attended, it's time to check it out! . 
"obama's punishment for dissing trump. destroying the country in the process,contrarian to normal but one senses som . 
"this vending machine should start selling lunch meat and apples" 
"this veggie burger was everything mind you sweet potatoes fries were part of side but i opted . 
"rt user user i hope to god this mushrooms and exposes all the hollywood and politician disgusting pedophiles, perverts and rap" 
"user user instead of thinking about how you sound, introspection, you decide i'm jealous. you're a peach." 
"i made these muffins the other day. they "were" very good! next time i will make them with the bananas. i will... . 
"alan watts - "existence is quite weird" and "why do apple trees make apples?" . 
"the sea grapes restaurant is ready to host your holiday party! call (321) 421-1636 for all the details . 
"chocolate cherry cake recipe . . 
"i hands down make the best cheesy mashed potatoes. cause even my momma said so " 
"rt user hey baby i was thinking bout u today and how u taste . 
"user user is that peach" 
"crisis in my household! we're out of lemon juice, which my daughter uses on everything! broccoli. pasta. mac 'n cheese. yes, i'm serious..." 
"we've been in the soap lab creating new goodies for you. here's a sneak peak of our yucca and lavender cleansing ba . 
"crispy panko crusted chicken salad. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ruscello . 
"roma tomato basil with garlic crostini. yep . 
"are you looking for ways how to increase your rice/corn/vegetable/fruit harvest and at the same time reduce... . 
"rt user have potatoes ever done you wrong?" 
"its 12:30am and in the last half hour i just had cheese (dill havarti- its fine) and left over cauliflower curry. but guess what. i hunger" 
"uh leads at half 14-10, and the crowd is going bananas " 
"itssexierifyouadd whipped cream and a cherry on top" 
"rt user finally achieved..... world peas . 
"little bits of lettuce ! . 
"rt user uh leads 14-13 at half, and the crowd is going bananas hawaiifb . 
"i just added this to my closet on poshmark: mac lipstick plum dandy frost. . via user shopmycloset" 
"if i get an std from these bananas i just bought ima be pissed" 
"mmm .. pineapple wheat beer. auwrite! pineapplemana . 
"rt user is she a korean pear or what . 
"creamy short rib orecchiette - slow-braised pulled short ribs, baby portobello mushrooms, red . 
"imagine kfc 'famous bowl' w' kfc chicken and mashed potatoes, subtract the corn and add boston market macaroni and cheese ....." 
"so hungry - i want to eat these oranges. @ royal hawaiian center . 
"rt user our popular paniolo chicken salad with tri-colored chips homemade salsa at user at user user . 
"rt user remember this?apples global troubles with regulators over iphone xs face id $aapl . 09/17/2017" 
"rt user garlic shrimp &amp; tomato pasta. . 
"pass some common sense gun laws. how about them apples? . 
"french fries and hash browns are so bomb and taste different but they're the same thing!! potatoes" 
"i want apples" 
"kim chee fried rice topped by roasted salmon &amp; grape tomatoes. . 
"rt user user scrumping for apples/building bonfires for nov. 5th/playing down the cut &amp; making dams &amp; rafts/taking bee " 
"this guacamole!!!!!!!!!!! " 
"stay woke . 
"rt user vitamin k fast becoming best measure of cardiovascular health - need to distinguish between k1 &amp; k2 user https" 
"check out tropical flowers pineapple vase original painting art by galler 12x16 canvas folkart . via user 
"now available at proof: user grapefruit sculpin ipa" 
"user user u r very lucky that u have friends like them and a bday wish from shahid is like cher . 
"rt user this thread...oh my gosh, its brilliant!! . 
"soup special of the day!broccoli cheddarsoup . 
"user ill try thanks but is cherry hill a soft song??" 
"broccoliand chicken stir fry - what do you think? please subscribe . . 
"rt user my honey bun sugar plum cookie dough chocolate covered donut w sprinkles on top stawberry shortcake pumpkin munchki " 
"i love apeach but i love the guy who's imitating those apeach plushies~ . 
"rt user user user i just hope all the rotten apples are removed &amp; punished. someone said the poor get jail w " 
"rt user acid black cherry/ . 
"guess imma be eating apples all day... you know what that means &amp; leads too! fibreready!~ . 
"rt user [hq] 170424 suho cr.peach fuzz . . 
"yaaaaas user slaaaaying the pineapple stage! . 
"yaaaas! user slaaaying the pineapple stage! . 
"user i love apple bananas! they're super popular here in hawaii. i've never seen this brand though. creative marketing though. " 
"smothered chicken , homade mashed potatoes , and green beans sundaydinner" 
"rt user how...do people....not like....meatloaf??" 
"rt user if nct's official lightstick isnt a cherry or doyoung's microphone then im not buying it" 
"user user user i'm from hawaii and i've never ate out of a pineapple. also, garlic shrim . 
"rt user apples and accordions: all nutritional needs covered -apple day user . 
"the most important one . 
"rt user "fuck lettuce" lmao . 
"listen i'm so emo . 
"i don't want to do laundry but it can't wait until tomorrow. plus my last clean pair of jeans are covered in tomato juice." 
"rt user hey while you're at the store can you pick up some bananas so they can sit on the counter and turn black and we can throw" 
"rt user spicy tomato soup &amp; grilled cheese in senior foods user . 
"hickory seasoned salmon with roasted cauliflower and drizzled with lemon garlic vinaigrette for . 
"my granny surprised me with tomato seeds im so excited to plant them omg " 
"these mashed potatoes are good as fuck lmaooo" 
"applesauce ... pear flavor " 
"user malignant narcissist, massive asshole. tomato, tomahto." 
"grateful pink grapefruit because we all need to sparkle every once in a while! sparkly lotionbar naturalbeauty . 
"rt user i hope they in peach trump soon. nobody i know could survive being inside a whole peach for more than a few minutes" 
"user michael, i know a "little" about grapes &amp; i wonder if next year's grapes will have a little burnt bu . 
"rt user nyssba2017 thank you for the opportunity to present about the importance of recess, play and whole child education " 
"user you don't like apples soft?" 
"think i'm finna make me a chicken caesar salad " 
"rt user plum suicidegirl sg suicidegirls altgirl punkgirl altgirls alternativegirl nsfw . 
"evry damn time i go 2 taco bell it reminds me of the time the worker said 2 me so no meat? when i asked 4 just cheese &amp; lettuce on my taco" 
"i burned all my vegan meatloaf so no dinner for me" 
"syracuse won, now jason is gonna go bananas tonight user user 
"jaden: "where's cherry street?" ariana: "well............."" 
"rt user nothing stands in your way when you're a boy clothes always fit ya life is a pop of the cherry when you're a boy" 
"eggs are underneath the spinach brother" 
"user plum" 
"rt user most of our misconceptions about people really just come from bad experiences with a few bad apples that make us jaded toward" 
"interesting! don't let formalities or structured thinking keep us from new discoveries of all kinds. . 
"disclaimer: not familiar w/"ollie" but feed my dogs canned meat, add "no salt" canned peas/carrots, treat w/diff. f . 
"i don't have a strong aversion to any food but the texture of bananas is bad and sinful" 
"good morning tweetees~ we begin with a very wet saturday this morning. still dark outside, eating oatmeal and apples.." 
"rt user carnitas rancheros... tostadas with melted cheese, pulled pork, 2 eggs your way salsa, sour cream, and guacamole . 
"rt user psychedelic mushrooms may work magic on depression - . . 
"rt user our meatfreemonday recipeoftheday is a simply scrumptious five spice tofu stir-fry with noodles by user " 
"rt user vegan quiche bars made with veganchicken, veganbacon, oven roasted potatoes, baked tofu, . 
"rt user meatlessmonday rt user recipe up for my classic scrambled tofu! . - vegan tofu recipes vegan" 
"rt user they all look so cool i cant believe these r the same losers who got mad bcos they didnt get sweet potatoes during " 
"the hedge hog omfg . 
"rt user instantpot pasta with ham and peas recipe . a simple dish ideal for busy nights! . 
"the time of day. im sober bobby how about that? took me long enough. i was the only dancer that would order a cherry coke." 
"rt user i wanna give u all the kisses and hugs in the world my soft pineapple bun eating baby boy . 
"user you're on the mushrooms again, aren't you?" 
"amy, youre so sweet, if people dont like u its as if they didnt like pizza or mashed potatoes! theyre crazy not to like you! " 
"sarah misses a big chance in every game he plays its unbelievable!! and phil neville is a cabbage butweknewthat lfcmufc" 
"saturday special: chicken salad on a pretzel roll soups: inside out chicken pot pie and pasta fagioli we also... . 
"the black eyed peas - boom boom pow - . 
"rt user got7 doing well on itunes and apples music worldwide we even n4 on apple music in south korea (album) and 85 (t " 
"love kevin murphy ingredient spotlight: kakadu plum: together with the other ingredients in our hydrate regimen,... . 
"user but now i want mashed potatoes" 
"sicilian cauliflower and black olive gratin . nytcooking" 
"fake news! . via redbubble fakenews the affinity that cauliflower has with black oli . 
"fall vegetables...yum! garrick harvested lots of salad mix, carrots, beets, radishes, cucumbers, . 
"at least i have my pineapple tea" 
"comegetyousome bestofchi today is the last day for the roasted pear french toast! this is one . 
"veggies are always a good go to for paleo options! you want to avoid starchy vegetables, such as potatoes. . 
"came to work with 2 caramel apples on my desk. my employees are so sweet. or got tired of me saying i wanted one ." 
"cubs win, we bought our pumpkins and fresh picked apples, how can the season start any better?" 
"rt user "15 meatless recipes to make with lentils recipes from the kitchn" . food feedly" 
"rt user gm apples that dont brown to reach u.s. shelves this fall . foodtech agtech ge . 
"rt user chocolate covered apples . fruit chocolate recipe sylvestermouserecipes food snack apples" 
"bored w/breakfast? upgrade your morning oatmeal with savory add-ins, like sea salt, mushrooms, spinach &amp; an egg (t . 
"user user need to make sure trees don't become invasive like callery pear, and it'd be great to se . 
"rt user glass fruit collection mid century decor glass pineapple glass by pinkhenstudio . via user 
"today is the last day for the roasted pear french toast! don't miss out, you'll be mad @ yourself! we're open &amp; clo . 
"rt user hoping you'll love this post... hymen 101: stop with that cherry poppin nonsense! . 
"marinated tofu and veggie wrap with sweet chili sauce. sooo damn good! veggie flexitarian . 
"rt user journorequest 8kg of apples on their way to make 4.5 litres of 6% abv cider by the juice and strain clear apple " 
"makeakidhorrormovie user without any peach juice for real we saw it yesterday" 
"rt user user fox news likes to treat its viewers like mushrooms; feed them shit &amp; keep them in the dark. foxoff . 
"rt user one pot garlic butter lentils - contentedness cooking . . 
"rt user step up your holiday game with user twist on sweet mashed potatoes: . 
"thanks user now i want jello. listening to in the weeds with ben randall (episode 100: death potatoes) . 
"it's that time of year again! caramel apples, cornucopias filled with cookies!! crumb cake!! call to place an order 630-862-9421" 
"rt user and kill people like me in the process. w/out partial subsidy i couldn't afford my old sub-bronze policy anymore. https:" 
"user . two peas in a pod.evil begets evil" 
"rt user seared lamb chops with truffled polenta, wild mushrooms &amp; red cherry reduction: beyond ordinary wine " 
"user we all know buffalo chicken and spinach the best" 
"rt user highlight of the night was my peach getting bodied by falcon and koopi yells, "not so easy is it" lmao" 
"user broccoli and cauliflower" 
"rt user you already had all the big juicy ones and youre left with shriveled up hugh hefners - erin talking about her brea" 
"idk all milwaukee boys smell like celery and be having crumbs in they bed sheets. i was always a lesbian." 
"user i'll have my potatoes money-lined. . 
"user ok peach-pear the accuracy" 
"intriguing, but why no control group? user . 
"rt user jewelry fashion buy now: $117.5 100 gms natural mother of pearl 10x14mm-18x25mm ov... . . 
"sometimes the best things in life are right in front of you. like our spinach and tomato pizza, for instance! . 
"...no, no, it's fine. he will throw him into the shadows. literally. . 
"shared via bbc: magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain" 
"rt user from peas in a pod to a kidney transplant: how my little brother saved my life . 
"slow cooker sausage, potato and cabbage: . via user 
"even in michigan ive managed to get honey hill apples and donuts" 
"rt user veggie soup flavoured with lemon and coriander !! . vegan . 
"country music - roses by cherry ghost playing right now. . 
"rt user this shit is bananas, b-a-n-a-n-a-s this site should ban nazis, b-a-n-a-z-i-s" 
"rt user apple cider caramel candy pieces using apple cider! so delish! caramel homemadecaramel applecider apples " 
"rt user its very comfortable for unc to still feel great about their university because it was a few bad apples. with the focus" 
""you are so violent and hurtful and mean while i am but a sweet summer peach that's done nothing wrong."" 
"rt user it's football game day! roy stewart stadium 3pm fall on the field white out jr pumpkin patch ca " 
"it's our one mission &amp; we are cooking w/ user making breakfast sandwiches &amp; roasted potatoes to feed our hung . 
"rt user thanks for publishing my crazy poem about getting sacrificed on stage, user &lt;3 wocaffirmation . 
"fried eggs and mashed potatoes for brekkie. " 
"oven roasted turkey. mashed taters. peas. salad. bnb. go tigers" 
"user i love sidney and that pineapple" 
"grapefruit! girlstrip" 
"rt user people are going to die because of this. . 
"rt user matt is me, apples is school. steph is me at midnight, after having still done no school. . 
"user i guess the height of the space race is probably not a great comparison? . 
"hot sauce on my potatoes. it was served with.... ketchup! ewe . 
"user bacon &amp; eggs, avocado w anything, steak, broccoli w cheese, cheeseburger no bun, dark chocolate, pe . 
"looking like a fine perfect peach out of georgia state . 
"rt user afternoon music lovers in position user coming up after gambo with couch potatoes, 5 o'clock freak out &amp; chat with g" 
"come and hang out at user on the 11th/12th november and watch some theatre consisting of christianity, co . 
"brunch - the stray dog is waiting for you this am! bonal, pimms, grapefruit &amp; salt. 10am-3pm. theheritagefp . 
"rt user i step into the batter's box with a big bulging cheek you're like damn this dude's packing a fat lip of dip i spit ou" 
"rt user public agent given an anal in public porn porno sex milf xxx xx_x_xx adult pussy video nsfw girls " 
"such beautiful food this morning at user - greens, garlic, heirloom broccoli at user cheese at user lucky" 
"recipeoftheday: milk braised pork stroganoff with butternut squash noodles and chanterelle mushrooms . 
"today's specials for the brown bag are bacon swiss burger, ashley's harvest chicken salad, turkey avocado wrap... . 
"i'm baking peach cobbler on this rainy saturday! nationaldessertday" 
"bananas, avocados might prevent heart disease, says study . 
"user ever fry leftover mashed potatoes?" 
"if a stranger came to you &amp; said: "i know what you did" what's the first thing you'd think of? (art: alex cherry) . 
"rt user check out chico's tunic sweater size 2 peach blush sequined metallic top chicos fashion style . 
"rt user i wish mashed potatoes loved me back." 
"guy: "what's that?" me: "smothered cabbage." guy: "smothered in what?" me: "pig"" 
"check out wmg set of 3 fruit apple pear grape wall decor signs plaque colorful unbranded . via user 
"3 am and im craving for jollibee chicken spaghetti and peach mango pie" 
"rt user your regular reminder that the entire bannon narrative is a big lie designed to explain away trump's failures: " 
"think i want a steak and fried potatoes" 
"rt user if you're a horrible white person, you'll age like day-old guacamole; look at stephen miller: " 
"i took these things and made this one big thing. cauliflower and mix potato indian curry. see . 
"rt user rum from barbados, wine from new zealand, bananas from grenada, oranges from south africa, timber products from can " 
"user dont block that beautiful peach " 
"very cherry forward with a clean tartness. holy mountain remains one... (montmorency table) . photo" 
"user ohhh, the pressure! i'm monitoring the pups' bones for splintered chunks swallowed, and doing roasted . 
"i planted some swiss chard, edible flowers and broccoli for my lil babies at the preschool today. i love their energy. blackfarming" 
"rt user somebody come fan me, tell me i'm the cutest thing and feed me grapes." 
"260% casino match bonus at cherry gold gambling casino htags: casinolobby northforkrancheria ... . 
"user i don't like lettuce don't judge me " 
"lmfaoooo pineapple thief . 
"god, i love you, florida, you magnificent, bizarre bastage. . 
"rt user when people believe in boundaries, they become part of them. don cherry . 
"rt user paella is like the grandfather of jambalaya. the difference between the two dishes is celery. faetc17 holytrinity" 
"imagine watching taeyong dances to cherry bomb shirtless goddammit" 
"i die watching cherry bomb choreo even taeyong is all cover up" 
"user you been knowing that i don't like lettuce this shouldn't be surprising" 
"i see you gotvyiu a lil georgia peach now . 
"rt user please rt beauty pinky peach glam | spring makeup tutorial . . 
"user user he needs a good stern talking to, at least. perhaps over pineapple." 
"kyrie 2 all-stars celery/varsity maize-black 835922-307 size 9.5 . 
"cheese and grapes " 
"kiss your peach fuzz and dead skin cells goodbye!! skincarebycuffie nolaspraytan skincare . 
"user user canes sauce and carrots tho" 
"i need a crawfish spinach bread bowl from the festival today!!" 
"in the 17th with freaky dee smoking broccoli." 
"moms made baked fish it's all good now " 
"user hey!! my mom was hot and she loves pineapple!!!" 
"user everyone loves the chill of nekkid pineapple." 
". via user honey carrots on my neck . 
"repost toosweet_candy_co with instatoolsapp pineapple and pineapple-watermelon infused with . 
"jimmy johns lettuce wrap foodie nolafoodie foodie foodphotography neworleansfoodies . 
"fresh salmon coated in red miso &amp; ginger sauce, then oven-roasted until flaky and delicious. . 
"ripe teen cherry girl lexy bell orgy - # . 
"user making it look like peach getting kidnapped is a joke." 
"lit a peach bellini scented user in the bathroom, and a sweet spun sugar scented user candle in the living area." 
"rt user peach ft. baekhyun's freestyle sexy dance . 
"lookin like a pear " 
"i liked a user video . what is going on in this game?! | tomato way gameplay 2" 
"rt user popped cherry is global we show everyone love " 
"user apples and oranges" 
"user black eyed peas" 
"attending scratch perverts live at the bunch of grapes" 
"rt user bring oktoberfest to your house w/ our delicious brats, cabbage &amp; potato dinner! . recipes ht" 
"so far ive had pimento mac n cheese, bourbon chicken wings, a whole mango, a peach, a bag of doritos (purple bag) + two mozzarella sticks." 
"japanese cherry blossom soap gift set for women, give something s . etsychaching giftforher . 
"this is making a black mother grab her belt. wasting her bananas. . 
"rt user tonight catch user &amp; i going dummy in oxnard. all ages baby! also my first time here so come pop my cherry? . 
"got a 2 pound bag of twizzlers a 4oz bag of sour patch kids sweet peach tea im so happy ..and fat lol" 
"rt user harry: who likes lou: hahaha harry: hahaha lou: vegetables harry: broccoli . . . . . husbands . 
"hand knotted black silver leather cherry quartz zebra jasper glass 8.25" handmade bracelet . 
"rt user there's a worker safety advisory about air quality. do the vineyards care about the people harvesting? not one jot. htt" 
"apples in the fall = a new healthy snack idea. . 
"replace iceberg lettuce with raw spinach. with tons of iron, it's a salad game changer! . 
"lahpet pop-up at music box village! lemongrass tofu rice bowl (chili bamboo shoots, sauted ginger, peanuts... . gf" 
"rt user yum, this southwest chicken salad recipe looks sooo delicious! ad . storedbrilliantly " 
"rt user 171012 () lay 02 sheep @ showcase @ beijing (cr. infatuation 1007, summer, chere mamie) # boss+what " 
"rt user i got 32 flavors of that bootylicious bubble gum raspberry, grape, cherry come and get this honey bun . 
"user user bw floating cherry blossoms like my utopia header" 
"gotta start somewhere og! "i'll shovel sh*t, i'll c.o., so we can bow our heads &amp; pray over the meatloaf. . 
"user user how bout a hot sausage on french and a pineapple big shot" 
"guess who craves cheeto puffs and peach rings" 
"omg dadme mi switch pls user nintenderosswitch . 
"don't let the slight amount of post trip depression fool you . 
"i want bbq chicken, rice and peas, potato salad, coleslaw, macaroni pie and stuffing with a large lemonade " 
"bbq baby back with butternut squash with wilted spinach and pickled apple/ shallot and roasted . 
"rt user kitty flanagan, karen taylor, tim vine, jim tavare and lee mack dressed as carrots. the sketch show 2002. . 
"idk if yall have tried the peach vanilla sweet teas from sonic but you missing out if you havent omg" 
"ew. kidd likes black beans and guacamole whoschildisthis" 
"rt user just bought mine! . . 
"user the tomato hornworms you mention in wolfpeach ep are infact demons. they only eat my superhot variety peppers. i despise them." 
"user 2015 mudgee organic graciano herbs &amp; spice on the bouquet, delicious, smooth, cherry flavours tha . 
"manastash (japan, formerly seattle?) i had the puff jacket around the first time i took mushrooms - reversible with . 
"i've had a banana, oatmeal, carrots, green beans, and a healthy shake...." 
"great show last night and stellar performance from my number 1 tomato! . 
"user if dinah knew cabbage patch were a backstab since the begining she'll never hug her again and would . 
"rt user now i want some fucking peach rings thanks . 
"user a "plum of ash"? copyeditthis" 
"cherry quartz blue rondelle silver spacer bird pendant 19" necklace handmade . ebay . 
"boozy prosecco grapespair our 2015 vs brut with some grapes for a fun time with friendstag someone that you... . 
"user user user lol you in general not you specifically. you can't cherry pick shit man. she wa . 
"rt user user user who the hell put apples in the potato salad?" 
"i think i did apples first for 3 days, than did a vegetable for 3 days and alternated. . 
"user i would black out and grab stupid stuff! a potato, cabbage, a mop... all crap i dont need!" 
"peach bellini w/a shot of orange patron from new orleans original&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;" 
"wok stewed okra with spicy tomato and pickled shrimp over grilled swordfish, minted coconut yogurt, and finished w . 
"rt user gotta have fge $lug (user ) this dude so slept on bruhh . 
"until you try the guac from whole foods . 
"and i teach high school. parents aren't talking about it at home, textbooks are cherry picking what to cover-meanwhile kids don't even know+" 
"user user user imagine what this would be with 2017 figures. with h'wood, fake msm, liawat . 
"air foamposite one eggplant 314996-008 men's shoe size 8.5 . 
"rt user cherry pop . 
"rt user pineapple belongs on pizza.. dont @ me" 
"user horseradish mashed potatoes?? yes please!!you know me so well my little punkin. " 
"rt user great. the volcanopalypse gets debunked, so now it's bananas . 
"rt user gorgeous deep purple! - midnight eggplant - . . purple flowers blosso" 
"user cherry nails lol apparently it's a buddhist symbol that racists stole and made it a horrible thing " 
"just in: college meal prep 4 - steak, egg, red cabbage, mung bean, &amp; broccoli bowl (cost $2, and 10 mins) . 
"rt user 40 years of hip hop in 4 minutes!!! this is fu*king bananas. . 
"soup is bone and vegetable water" 
"enthusiasts may supplement goldfish diet with shelled peas (with outer skins removed), blanched green leafy vegetables, and bloodworms." 
"pass the mushrooms please . 
"rt user nikita you lying. its peas n rice . 
"this is becoming a tradition! 4th year and counting! i have a really big eggplant in my refrigerator right now... . 
"user there's a thai place in boston where they know not to put peas in mine because i've asked for it without peas so many times" 
"rt user our gimme a beet is the perfect blend of beets, apples, carrots and ginger root to turn up the tunes, and tune out " 
"rt user rt user rt user fat burning foods: grapefruit watermelon berries hot peppers celery greek" 
"workers continue to harvest grapes at the robert mondavi vineyard in fire-torn napa valley. . 
"10 reasons why pears are totally better than apples recipes from the kitchn . . 
"user user user user it is! a marshmellow cream ( fluff) with peanut butter. i add nu . 
"i made pizzas tonight (from scratch!): pear, fennel, leek &amp; pesto tomato. they were ." 
"rt user how to help: . . 
"user fyi the full nickname is swallow me senpai: vore edition. past have been swallows, swallows juice, sw . 
"today's clutter: redsox, user , condoms, mushrooms, user karaoke, and more. . 
"rt user stuffed capsicum delectable peppers prepared by stuffing red &amp; green peppers with a delicious st... . 
"kamara ($4,500) history shows that brees usually goes bananas in home games coming off of bye week fantasyfootball . 
"user thanks, unfortunately no nut butters allowed but sweet potatoes are good. i got apple butter so maybe ill try that!" 
"this is absurd man . 
"user i went apple picking this morning and used the apples in your gruyere french toast recipe! . 
"lmfaooooooooooo . 
"drinking an apricot raspberry j.r.e.a.m. by user @ auburn, ma . photo" 
"user play some lil pump d rose bruh or some lil uzi. nahhhhh play broccoli" 
"apples black diversity chief whitesplains how 12 blue-eyed blond men can be diverse . 
""its much easier to hire one person and claim youre working on your diversity problem than it is to simply just . 
"rt user i'm eating pineapple pizza" 
"most adults i know dont want to eat raw cauliflower so why would kids? but roast it and it can be delicious. . 
"rt user bacon wrapped cheesesteak meatloaf. pretty, but i'm toolazy. . keto lowcarb pork meat ketoge" 
"eat some mushrooms and sit in a puddle for a few hours then get back to me." 
"that's why you get something with spice with the pineapple. . 
"i just really wanted to listen to "bat out of hell" and i typed "meatball" instead of "meatloaf" on spotify." 
"also, did everyone know that meatloaf is the bus driver in spice world? pretty cool. okay goodbye" 
"user half pineapple and half whatever. it's all good. . 
"stuffed chicken breast with spinach roasted red peppers goat cheese and garlic. wrapped in bacon. . 
"user tequila and pineapple juice is the movement" 
"rt user user keep telling yourself that, cabbage. my dad rocks so i totally get why you're jealous~ . 
"why are so many christians practicing witchcraft? . 
"user i mean the time we all collectively rebuked the user "peas in guac" nonsense was pretty good." 
"im mad that you sat here and compared a damn football to a pineapple . 
"user whyyyyy i didnt say anythings wrong with baseball i just think the comparison between a pineappl . 
"user the life of a potato is very busy ill have you know. i have work to do, like avoiding becoming mashed potatoes and such" 
"loved the raviolo spinach ricotta egg... @ la masseria - . 
"fried halloumi, daltons medfield grape jam,spiced pistachio and tart little apples . 
"user user user 2 rotten peas in a pod!" 
"remember when vic used to get all the apples on niks goals? i miss that" 
"rt user i think we alllllll know what time it is it's fancy pear time y'alllllllllllllll . 
"the authorities have been notified . 
"rt user nigga if you mean plantain i understand but fam...if we talkin yellow bananas nigga what... . 
"check out hand painted nippon bowl 5.25 inch in diameter looks like apples on a branch nippon . via user 
"folks a trip to italy he drank a bottle of tomato juice? woooow!-nicholas chiasson vlogs episo... . via user 
""so this wine is made with gamay-" "what's gamay?" "the type of grape." "wow, i didn't know there were different types of grapes!" " 
"i want a cherry coke pleeeease" 
"rt user cherry for chinese exol can intl exol got called as iris i - internaltional ri - s - (plural)" 
"rt user cabbage patch kid signed black . vintage cababbagepatch doll cpk collectible purple https:/" 
"12) cherry starburst ought not to be." 
"before and after. apple and asian pear upside down cake, for a friends dessert potluck birthday party. . 
"user user make a risotto. make lentils. mix them together." 
"hanging out in an outdoor shower with a dozen frizzy-haired mountain girls fighting over butter lettuce" 
"rt user grapes for lunch . 
"henlo bat baby, go eat a grapefruit cutie henlo spooky boy go eat a cupcake handsome ! . 
"how bout psych the series? i could use that in my life again. . 
"if your nearby the beer sharing continues, come on by jus... (apricot raspberry j.r.e.a.m.) . photo" 
"what are you going to bones for for drinks and potatoes " 
"user wtf is this? . 
"only wegmans would think up of a way to put honeycrisp apples in bread and it tastes amazing . 
"rt user guns n' roses user buttercupcake user cherry bomb hydra liner user metal matte palet " 
"user oh boy. so this one time i was tripping on mushrooms and i had just gotten a watch for christmas. . ." 
"user tfw there are no bananas" 
"abc nabs family vineyard drama from julia brownell &amp;amp; philip noyce as putpilot . via user 
"user anything marvel (sans iron fist). start w/ user then jump to user also, ozark is effing bananas." 
"the weather gets a bit chilly? it's time to bust out the beef stew! . 
"user hes really into his oxbow cranberry cookies i gave him 4 cookies today more than carrots " 
"rt user it's friday, and you know what that means- time eat an entire nutella, oranges, and pepper jack cheese sandwich then fight a" 
"user user user ur lettuce must have come out the closet as not advertiser friendly" 
"user pineapple infused vodka" 
"ashes to ashes, dust to dust. apples to apples, crust to crust." 
"rt user from yesterday's event (2) : cherry villafuerte . 
"cherry tomatoes for dessert: sad or rad?" 
"user oh shit you just did what the earth kingdom does to the cabbage man lmaooo" 
"user yum! dosa, vada look great..... but broiled tomato was never seen by my indian eyes in india!" 
"rt user user user yall im just tryna love my apples" 
"10/14 - on menu: roasted cauliflower w/ harissa spice ~&amp;~ mushroom ravioli w/ white sauce. more: . 
"asian broccoli salad with peanut sauce | gimme some oven . via user . 
"rt user people are lot less judgey when you say you ate an 'avocado salad' instead of a bowl of guacamole." 
"user heart attacks are natural. keep eating kfc and meatloaf!" 
"i be eating straight spinach no tomatoes" 
"rt user cheesy broccoli breakfastmuffins . . 
"rt user is everything okay at home? . 
"washingtons kelsey plum seeks to join exclusive 50-40-90 club . 
"what's up you fucking cabbage" 
"user user ate half a kilo of green pineapple in vietnam. . 
"rt user get osage oranges also known as "spider balls". put them in your basement to keep spiders away. frankenmuth 9-2 https:" 
"not about to stop showing you photos of apples being harvested. these scenes are too much and need to be shared. if . 
"rt user user that said, yes absolutely, great work user &amp; big congratulations to user &amp; rickell howard o " 
"two new beers from user tapped today for their in-house release; peach genetic drift . 
"rt user pale peach gemstone earrings, bell flower dangles, jasper, purple lila . jetteam colorpeach http" 
"i main peach sheik and robin" 
"rt user upgrade caramel apples with user recipe: . they're ahead on southernkitchen @ " 
"rt user this is his introduction to the mushroom kingdom - peach and bowser introducing him to their favorite pasttime." 
"blueberries, strawberries, pineapple juice, and spinach leaves make such a good smoothie combo" 
"user user yeah if i'm eating a burger and look down and see peas you can bet i'm fucking done" 
"rt user this is the real person who trump is. he and harvey are peas in a pod. sad that the deplorables harassed and threat " 
"these apple recipes sound great. fallapples fallinmichigan mittenstate lovemichigan michigan . 
"i want an egg white and spinach omelette" 
"rt user if you don't put garlic and cheese and cream and salt and lots of black pepper in your mashed potatoes you're a fucking b" 
"iftomatoisafruitthatgoesonpizzaassaucethen pineapple isallowedtobeatopping . 
"saturday dessert with a gwen frostic placemat at the wonderful cherry hut in beulah... . 
""peach" premium e-liquid peach fruit flavored e-liquid peach e-liquid from grand rapids e-liquid is am . 
"rt user i accidentally bought these "cotton candy grapes" instead of normal ones &amp; holy crap they taste like cotton candy.. " 
"i entered a giveaway for a chance to win "uloveido pear-shape halo cubic zirconia teardro..." by uloveido. . giveaway" 
"enter to win $50 in user grocery gift cards! switchandsave savealotinsiders giveaway . 
"rt user grilled honey pear ice cream boats + win $50 to user savealotinsiders ad . switchandsave" 
"worse thing to happen on friday the 13th? i went to chipotle and they were out of guac. and tomato salsa." 
"well said. temper rantrum is the hallmark of this presidency trumptrain . 
"user unfunny mario jokes: mario is a drug addict, hates luigi, mistreats yoshi, rescues peach for sex funny mario jokes:" 
"cherry chia muffins . muffins . 
"unfunny mario jokes: mario is a drug addict, hates luigi, mistreats yoshi, rescues peach for sex funny mario jokes: . 
"user best apples ever." 
"i didnt tell my sister that i had done a ginger blonde/peach hair and today she sent me this,normally shes dark b . 
"ive got frozen peas and a sponge . 
"fried chicken with black eyed peas and hot sauce " 
"mushrooms microwaved for 30 seconds with salt and pepper is a highly underrated snack " 
"sos someone come make me a grilled cheese (cheese has to be swiss) with tomato soup" 
"not really sure why i have a meal plan when all i eat is potatoes and mandarin oranges?" 
"user what about 'breakfast hummus' made with coffee beans instead of chick peas?" 
"hahahahaha!!! watching trump erase u and barry's anti-american shit legacy is like christmas for us. your impotent . 
"rt user i wish all ubers had apples and water" 
"user user fake news marie. he was never called a racist until he won potus. sour grapes." 
"wanting right now. . 
"check out herbert abrams original paintings oil antique art cherry blossoms invaluable . via user 
"nationaldessertday no gluten free, tofu, flourless desserts here. sugar, sugar, sugar is the way to go!!!!" 
"gimme food! gimme fries! gimme lettuce on the sides!" 
"rt user how ancient lentils reveal the origins of social inequality . 
"we should go as a black umich community! . 
"user user user 92 proof spiced rum and wild cherry pepsi getting it done here " 
"rt user celebrate fall with michigan apples . 
"rt user like a tofu....he has a soft heart with a lot of tears... so accurateyes,and he genuinely takes care of ppl ar " 
"oven baked potatoes ingredients:potatoes butter seasoning non stick spray procedure:preheat oven at 350 . 
"interesting, important our vertical farms &gt; 2% harvest waste, &gt; 1% to consumer for kale, basil, arugula, lettuces . 
"add spice to your kitchen with a dash of tomato tango csp-1145. call anderson paint... . . 
"user shoutout to all the grapes." 
"ketchup is just tomato nut" 
"the old-timer's secret way to remove skunk odor (hint: it's not tomato juice) . 
"user by l and clexa fans. and i'm not trying to demonize the fandom here. there are just some bad apples as . 
"rt user call me celery cause i be snappin . 
"all about the pineapple float! . 
"all running done including getting pizza for tonight &amp; meatloaf fixings for sun. dont need to leave house rest of w/e unless i want winning" 
"user user user also, i'm about to eat vegan cheese on pizza in a second so suck my ve . 
"i just want. mac and cheese with broccoli." 
"business: this 40-minute, 20-garlic clove tomato sauce may be the last you ever learn to make . 
"now playing, the meters cabbage alley from funkify your life: the meters anthology music louisiana" 
"citrine sterling silver ring 14k rose gold pear cut yellow . via user 
"rt user jj abrams is the killer of franchises. the only explanation for why he keeps getting plum jobs is weinsteining." 
"lordt oxtails with some rice and peas " 
"user user user user gross, but only because i never ate bacon even when i was . 
"rt carbosly "rt brentweets: doctor: "have you made any changes to your diet recently?" me: "i switched from cherry pop tarts to smores pop " 
"user user no grapes of wrath cause cheeto doesn't want the kids to see where he's taking us" 
""pineapple" premium e-liquid . vape vapelife vapenation vapeporn . 
"japanese plum blossom clutch purse. ume pale rose pink silk . via user 
"apples make you feel fuller, longer. but we cant guarantee that you wont want a second green apple smoothie. . 
"4:30pm winning hand poker $25 nl pineapple tournament $10 rebuy/$10 addon . 
"rt user the magic of my mushrooms: a depressives journey to microdosing by dana p. saxon . 
"rt user i volunteer as tribute . 
"fried mushrooms as appetizers . 
"rt user lordt oxtails with some rice and peas " 
"with it's apples and spices this harvest cake will give you a taste of fall with every bite! dessert recipe . 
"those better be cheetos in my soup! - im sick so my mom is making me soup dor lunch, and i hate carrots!!! cheetos sick ihatecarrots" 
"user roasted vadouvan cauliflower, chili yogurt, golden raisins, currants, and cilantro newmenu eatclea . 
"user potatoes and molasses amiriteladies" 
"i lady and the trampd a chip and guacamole with jess last night" 
"chicken tater tot casserole yesterday, chili today, chicken noodle soup tomorrow my mom is the best" 
"rt user something like pressed grapes | jordan 12 bordeaux gs | 10.14.17 . 
"user user 2/2 but cutting tax rates as proposed won't save each company anywhere near that sort of numbe . 
"user cause i love apples..." 
"rt user im going to have a bunch of sweet potatoes this year! well,... i hope but its good for now! . 
"rt user celery plants have nicely grown. will enjoy using these stalks as dippers into peanut butter . 
"great lunch (pot roast w/ mashed potatoes) and exceptional service! . 
"rt user award winning dinosaurs &amp; cherry stems by author susan ricci user . asmsg . 
"kojak telly baby cherry sucker time . 
"user what is the nutrition facts for your regular size cranberry pecan chicken salad?" 
"they take what they can get because peach is just a tease mario luigi toad princesspeach . 
""kool peach" premium e-liquid . vaping grandrapidseliquid . 
"chrysanthemum cherry cheesecake. im alliterative. . 
"all the noms! . 
"rt user heads up! in the latest issue of user you can win a copy of senran kagura peach beach splash girls of pa " 
"rainy days...= quiche ! multiple types of fragrant cheeses, asparagus, spinach, peppers, shallots, garlic and a g . 
"maybe i'll go to applebee's for another appetizer, i haven't had spinach dip yet." 
"rt user lettuce keep you company on this dreary midwest saturday. get your download of ep.159 before you burn the toast. " 
"goan lunch for a rainy saturday- vadyancho ros (coconut curry with ash guard chips), cauliflower fodi and sol (koku . 
"description style credit to user . 
"why tf are apples so expensive" 
"rt user make sweet, gooey homemade caramel apples with ease by using these caramel apple making tips! . 
"icymi--&gt;&gt; chicken &amp; cauliflower soup . . 
"rt user something different. not an eggplant. have a fun friday. daddydunn . 
"this recipe for no bake, egg fee, chocolate banana cream pie is great for using up over ripe bananas! . 
"right now im obsessed with peach looks. dont know if its fall appropriate but idc im havin fun" 
"i love science magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain - bbc news . 
"can i get a gang of those white hotdogs? excuse me? the white hotdogs in the yellow sleeping bags. those are bananas. right? crazy good." 
"horrible news - panera's broccoli cheese soup isn't vegetarian. " 
"user me too but as with any carrot-and-stick plan. someone hands out the carrots and sticks. what if they decide wrong" 
"patiently waiting on this peach cobbler to come out the oven " 
"rt user the affinity that cauliflower has with black olives is seen throughout the mediterranean . 
"user do you use kale/spinach ? seems to tone down the fruitiness just enough for me." 
"words of the day: his ear lobes feel like those chewy peach rings " 
"lamb and cheesy bake potatoes cooking with sco (book) walmart food foodporn foodie . 
"rt user it's so tiring being a bunny; rubbing your chin on sticks and getting your ears rubbed while you eat lettuce. . 
"this chicken salad " 
"new cauliflower &amp; quinoa burger at brome! vegetarian . 
"rt user shall i part my hair behind? do i dare to eat a peach? i shall wear white flannel trousers, . 
"true betrayal is when your man gets guacamole on his food knowing youre allergic to avocados just so you cant eat his food" 
"drinking a sweet william hard pear cider by user @ tandem ciders . 
"rt user made these the other day. they was flames . 
"rt user you didn't need a video of an otter eating lettuce, but here you go . 
""peach yogurt" premium e-liquid peach yogurt from grand rapids e-liquidis a new flavor from april 201 . 
"user sour grapes by levy just wants $$$ from the lions is all really this is an nfl issue not a lions issu . 
"if your planning on heading north for a color tour and want some delicious apples check out bush's farm . 
"rt user hi! can i hear dna by user pretty please with a cherry on top?! i'll love you forever user &amp; user m" 
"rt user take a look at this creamy cauliflower chowder! get the recipe here --&gt; . . 
"sauted mushrooms. winning jay4food dinner mushrooms sauteedmushrooms foodie chefatheart . 
"user big steaks and potatoes" 
"i knew we could blame vegans, in the end, and the beginning it was beans that fucked us all up . 
"guacamole tastes a whole lot better than it looks" 
"rt user jaden smith launches veggie umami burger collab benefiting red cross | style &amp; society magazine " 
"shrooms cooking with football in the background. winning jay4food mushrooms . 
"i love pineapple gummi bears and absolutely will not eat green, orange or yellow ones." 
""when i said i wanted mashed potatoes i meant cheese sticks" user " 
"at least my apple pear cider turned out amazing" 
"the left is offended by god, prayer, gop,guns, novels, trump, flags, walls, statues, monuments and a partridge in a pear tree." 
"user user i would get your weather from somewhere else. the model is cherry picked without a true time . 
"user and some sweet potatoes and cornbread" 
"rt user two peas in a pod... . 
"rt user jimmy fallon and justin timberlake are two peas in a pod! . 
"i miss when rangers twitter was arguing about glass being in the lineup. seems like small potatoes compared to this" 
"i want broccoli casserole " 
"meatless monday . eggs frittata spinach tomatoes" 
"coming soon on our vegan menu. .cast iron seared cauliflower steak, coconut curry aioli, pine . 
"rt user i really enjoy drawing us as potatoes. . 
"garagebanned: apples music app silenced in ios 11 icloud blunder (webmasteruser . 
"user user user puts pineapple on his pizza ?! . 
"rt user behind the church a mountain kneels in a field. sap on my fingers plucking mushrooms from timbers." 
"instantpot pasta with ham and peas recipe . a simple dish ideal for busy nights! . 
"user mmm all of it is good as long as no one puts pineapple on it" 
"how to quietly munch on carrots? awkward" 
"user when user is feeling better you need to go on his youtube channel for a workout. would be bana . 
"dem senator: trump's decision to end key obamacare payments is 'nuclear grade bananas' . 
"soooo...i tried to make blts with no bread...lol romaine lettuce...mayo...tomatoes..turkey . 
"user user "ma the meatloaf" we should see that elimination game together" 
"rt user 1) trump moron: liddle unpresidented heel covfefe lasting peach tapp council counsel to too attaker hearby hear by sec of" 
"tech - your next head of lettuce, grown by a robot: a network of autonomous, robot-run greenhouses near major us . 
"user two peas in a pod!" 
"an amazing win in the semi finals against cherry hill east 3-2! on to the finals they go!! . 
"mall security walkie talkie-we have a guy shooting up dope out here on the sidewalk okay cherry hill" 
"user user she could teach them all how to walk around smelling like "cabbage"." 
"how the f____k can he do this? . 
"well done . 
"rt user that looks disgusting... people actually ate that? . 
"rt user i double breaded it, fried it, put mozzarella on top and then pan fried it in more panko, but yeah, everyone ate eggplant." 
"rt user retweet if your mum gave you bananas in custard for desert. love this, not had it for years . 
"hard work pays off . 
"rt user an amazing win in the semi finals against cherry hill east 3-2! on to the finals they go!! . 
"i just made a hot pepper, onion, tomato reduction w a steele reserve chefboyrd . 
"travelsgenius: rt southern_living: here's how to grow your own sweet potatoes in a container: . " 
"shades of weinstein! . 
"yes yes yes yes im still shaking . 
"user i got a feeling that tomorrows going to be a good good day mazel tov . 
"just added! new item!! puregel sleeve - plum . . 
"rt user hard work pays off . 
"rt user yes yes yes yes im still shaking . 
"we are looking for a buyer on 4 pear tree pl sewell nj realestate . . 
"when user would rather concentrate on their queso and not their roots. my guacamole was a day old " 
"what are 3 things that you are afraid of? pussy, vagina, cherry pie. . 
"so i have a update for yous i'm to sick to make peach pie n ice cream n whip cream so i'm doing that another time " 
"the activity i am most excited for in my weekend is eating broccoli cheddar soup" 
"user is that a piece of lettuce" 
"rt user user this vile fetid foul fermenting cabbage head ...user user user user user " 
"user user thank you all for making this day special. now a giants win on sunday night will be the cherry on top!" 
"rt user oh thank god. mashed potatoes face is gracing us with his opinions. what would we do without them? . 
"if user can tweet out the black-eyed peas, so can i. go user user . 
"rt user someones paying for dinner tonight lol . 
"the ironic thing about apples slogan... think different, by buy the phone we act like is revolutionary and has minimal customization options" 
"genetically-modified apples that dont go brown are headed to supermarkets next month (mike . 
"ground elk; loose, hot, italian, pork sausage; bacon! stuffed peppers and roasted cauliflower . 
"rt user sunday 12pm. plan out your week and explore the past moves of stocks around earnings with the 1st cherry picks earn " 
"after watching this video, you will never go back to the old way of cutting apples... . 
"rt user cherry looks like she runs a tight ship over at her fight club. gotham . 
"princess peach is kicking marths ass haha what a bitch" 
"blogforward: organic apples are in season: . 
"rt user pear ginger honey mocktail . via user 
"cauliflower stirred fried rice . 
"prickly pear juice check out our website . . . . radicalcolored food . 
"i love that when i need a hot pepper or tomato i can walk outside a pick one" 
"tonights special: veal &amp; lobster saut, fresh asparagus &amp; mashed potatoes oh my! . 
"tfw no priest gf to make me mapo tofu and suddenly jump on the table while im eating, yellyorokobe shounen and whip black keys at my face" 
"i smell the devil's lettuce" 
"does mcdonalds sweet and sour sauce count as a fruit? the 3rd ingredient is apricot pure. eatinghealthy" 
"when the pizzeria has tomato pie on the menu but when you order it they ask if you want cheese user i'm not to . 
"this was funny!!! . 
"user not sure. then she asked if i wanted tomato chunks on it heresy" 
"thai curry chicken meatballs w carrots and snow peas. nordichealthandwellness fridaydinner . 
"rt user big difference b/t repubs &amp; dems in most places - not so much in az. flake &amp; sinema are two peas in a pod. az deser " 
"rt user gemstone leaf earrings, peach aventurine stone leaves, watermelon jade, c . jetteam jewelry http" 
"rt user pat meehan and paul ryan, two peas in a pod. ironic speaker ryan appears at a manufacturing plant in pa07 but support" 
"rt user user for curly hair, putting it in a pineapple and/or sleeping on satin pillow cases keep your curls free " 
"supreme 'classic logo' half zip peach $150 size l! open til 8 pm! hubcitysoles supreme . 
"rt user user also if ur like me &amp; ur curls get dry easily, sleep in a pineapple w/a huge silk scarf to cover all u " 
"rt user i was so hungry all day didn't cheat on diet even when i was in front of donuts coffee water then some turkey brocc " 
"rt user pineapple express . 
"silver moonstone necklace made with true peach moonstone and . via user etsy friday eu france uk canada usa" 
"i have no self control when it comes to mashed potatoes" 
"ctfu!! in your voice user "nahh..nahhh..(yells) that's lite!! " . 
"user user ok i will bring some gummy bears and cherry to his concert " 
"user anyone else going to this next friday? its sold out now, but i was able to get tickets! ill be wear . 
"very happy deer tonight and for the next few weeks. ... another ton of apples. . 
"for the men: dont clean your dick with mashed potatoes. thanks for the info, user . 
"go lions! @ cherry hill high school west . 
"if you call mushrooms "magic mushrooms" you are 1000% a cop." 
"user chicken and broccoli for life !! i didnt get a fortune cookie those fuckers" 
"rt user already posted this on instagram, but here it is on twitter. user candy apples and razor blades . 
"yeah so? . 
"user user only bb porn names better are rock cherry and nick swisher." 
"i've started eating apples while in walking around at work, cause no one questions your authority when you're eating an apple in their face." 
"might need some of these soon . 
"rt user plantbased sources of protein: tofu beans spinach soy meats nuts broccoli potatoes reasonstogovegan" 
"mexican veggie burger . 
"rt user please rt? vegetarian vegan healthyfood recipes baked farro with tomato and herbs . . 
""i'm finished let's go eat some spinach" mood" 
"user yea big ol' peach head" 
"members of the guidance department celebrate hispanic heritage month with user and the cherry hill commun . 
"im having fun making pizzas:) white pizza with spinach and muchaels favorite chicken ranch pizza" 
"user user young tomato pie" 
"rt user reds, oranges &amp; yellows are in full force w/ this photo by sathish j! here are 5 tips for shooting the fall foliage " 
"joke: pineapple on pizza woke: . 
"got to the salad bar late and now only the trash tier lettuce is left we" 
"and to top it all off heres the cherry on top . 
"user user "take some mushrooms, beavis. take some."" 
"rt user it's everyone's nameday at the orphanage! the cake is 100% pineapple-free, promise. here's my entry for user " 
"zed's - copper cream, english mild, golden peach, dry stout, american brown, american brown . 
"porkchops, spinach, brown rice wife me up . 
"bananas going bad? here's a great tip from the sneaky chef - missy chase lapine! . 
"mashed potatoes and mickey mouse - life is good . 
"user your vlogs!! zoe, pups, your fam, your peach sheets &amp; your accents! i find it fascinating how . 
"rt user well done . 
"keep this recipe handy with holiday entertaining coming up!! (sponsored) . holidayrecipes . 
"this vegan food i swear is rockinggg!!! i swear i want y'all to try my walnut tacos and purple potatoes" 
"congratulations! . 
"rt user congratulations! . 
"congrats to vineland!! hslive . 
"rt user congrats to vineland!! hslive . 
"i can't say these are necessarily healthier, but they're easy, make use of bananas, and are tasty . 
"rt user ad keep this avocado caprese chicken salad storedbrilliantly fresh with user brilliance snack &amp; salad set! " 
"rt user ahhh...to sleep on a bed of lettuce..." 
"rt user business news bitcoin is going bananas - bitcoin on friday morning soared by more than $500, crossing $5,800 ... http" 
"user hmm.... yeah, i'll have that fresh please. real potatoes, no corn, real south carolina peaches instead of what i expect is &gt;&gt;" 
"black beans, yellow rice and fries. theres no more chicken. . 
"whole foods is ready for halloween bruvas. look at the stickers they're putting on the blood oranges . 
"still life oil painting vintage pitcher with apples and lemons . via user classic#stilllife#impressionist#art#home" 
"rt user peach is literally the strongest mario character . 
"rt user maybe this is what we all need right now magicmushrooms . 
"christian juice. son of pear juice" 
"guacamole is good on everything &amp; good for you too! . 
"wait....djooss (pronounced juice) dads name is pear? cmon now" 
"rt user cherry bomb . 
"rt user members of the guidance department celebrate hispanic heritage month with user and the cherry hill commun " 
"user yeah toufa was super cool! (omg my spell check kept on changing her name to tofu) lol did you al . 
"rt user user i don't have any dogs but i do have a hans gruber and he is nipped out on a catnip carrot, pepper, an " 
"what user to order..cherry limeade or lemonade? " 
"user young laundry detergent . 
"use the last of your tomato harvest to make: tomato bisque with curry and coconut milk . 
""end to health care subsidies puts congress in a tight spot" by thomas kaplan and robert pear via nyt . insurance" 
"modern family is . 
"pineapple juice and coconut rum. i need way more rum! . 
"rt user baked gouda with prosciutto all in a puffpastry &amp; topped off with a warm pear compote. you're welcome! " 
"young pineapple chicken . 
"user you seriously are so vapid that you can only always resort to hilary. the two are apples/oranges" 
"rt user user eminem and harvey weinstein. like 2 peas in a pod.fridaythe13th" 
"rt user rangers prospect alexei cherepanov passed away 9 years ago today. sleep tight, cherry. . 
"i'm so lit right now and i'm at like a cherry cabaret style sing a long alwaysmvillemt" 
"user user spinach is to popeye what are to blake coleman." 
"rt user user user spinach is to popeye what are to blake coleman." 
"crabs , shrimp , potatoes and broccoli with destiny and the kiddies " 
"i'm in cherryhill like i'm harold n kumar! bouta go catch a movie sike! i'm omw to yo granny house.. nigga hashtag too far! ...bars lol" 
"rt user nigga....i love eating vegetables. i love eating broccoli, spinach, potatoes, kale, cabbage, asparagus, salad, pussy....i love" 
"i've only sworn 22 times on twitter, so i'm on santa's nice list. yay! find out if you've been naughty or nice at . 
"rt user playable peach? . 
"ate chicken and mashed potatoes for dinner. chicken mashedpotatoes dinner" 
"rt user curried cauliflower cream soup from awesome vegan soups - dianne's vegan kitchen . via user 
"my stomach going bananas. i need a home cooked meal" 
"s/o to those so have always been there for us and are still here for our children! ih and tornadoes win! over cherry hill west! 28-21!!!" 
"roast porkloin over apples in a mustard cider sauce with garlicmashpotatoes. yummy . 
"holy bananas! jimmy! what are ya doin?! livepd" 
"rt user the facebook episode of user is note perfect. butters running his troll farm out of an abandoned circuit city was" 
"user donny and lou. two peas in a pod. and the pod hates foreigners." 
"rt user this will be bananas . 
"i tried this spinach dip today and wow it was so good" 
"user probably mentioned pineapple as a pizza topping. slam! throw away the key." 
"i just realized i've never seen an apricot tree. i'd like to." 
"my brother eats alot of bananas he particularly a monky" 
"confession 2 i smoke the devils lettuce i know im goin to get a lot of hate for this im sorry guys....." 
"my pineapple been hitting it since tuesday " 
"user the fact that this is blue peach too ldbdsbksbs" 
"repost michelinguide (get_repost) wild blueberry and pineapple compote, husk chantilly, . 
"new post (fantastic homemade habanero peach barbecue sauce. use it on pork, chicken, ...) has been published on - . 
"user omg that would be a hoot. i saw an actual evil tree costume i was looking at but didn't even think of throwing apples!" 
"user user this reminds me of pineapple express " 
"user cooked a delicious burger with onions and mushrooms earlier, broccoli on the side." 
"watching old user vlogs &amp; i finally found a person who doesn't like potatoes. user too! i knew i lik . 
"user is that a tomato?" 
"people see one, people see all. one bite is enough of rotten apples. moon and his leftist gang are rotten and evil. . 
"rt user i need to see the world . 
""there are only two types of food in this world: carrots and non-carrots." -sloths . 
"weirdo wit a beardo @ pineapple island . 
"user the facts that broccoli is the safe word is just to freaking funny to me" 
"this shhh is is bananas . 
"study finds magic mushrooms may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients . 
"user thank you for the laughs tonight vic! great set at bananas!!" 
"user i don't really know peach vs sheik specifics though" 
"i am craving tomato soup and a grilled cheese i hate my life" 
"kinda fruity but delicious. - drinking a palisades pineapple by user @ volpe's sports bar . 
"only organic peas are acceptable as proper ice bags for rehabilitating user players. . 
"this is our code word for cocaine btw . 
"rt user can you drop off a pound of celery user 
"newjerseyjobs njjobs jobs sr. analyst, customer supply management - pinnacle foods - cherry hill, nj see . 
"like i'm tryna see some shit while i drive to go buy some bananas" 
"user excuse me grilled celery i think fucking not" 
"rt user .user is discounting the future with shoddy math and cherry-picked data . protectc" 
"rt user no question. then add markel and dario to the mix and thats bananas. . 
"rt user momo didn't even tell her parents when she got eliminated iirc. and now we learn she went back straight to practicing. brav" 
"... . 10-daygreensmoothiecleanse healthy jjsmith kale mealplan spinach" 
"spanish spinach croquettes follow us pinterest : . . 
"watch: you should be putting this in your mashed potatoes . 
"cherry chocolate bomb in cupcake form @ westmont, new jersey . 
"rt user speaking of which can 15&amp; come back already like pretty please with a cherry on top" 
"12 reasons to eat more apples . . 
"user user but serving me peas cooked in a different way is still peas. and i don't like peas. so what then?" 
"rt user a4: great for schools to share what works best in terms of diversifying any lesson. ideas for sharing pd . 
"saturday specials fat elvis french toast - our signature challah french toast topped with fresh sliced bananas,... . 
"user user but if my meal involves peas. i don't want it. not to be stubborn but i don't see much diff . 
"rt user grapes contain powerful antioxidants known as polyphenols, which may slow or prevent many types of cancer nutrition https:/" 
"rt user people who say "holy guacamole" need to stop appropriating my religion" 
"the habit burger grill cherryhill . . 
"user your astute minds have been completely turned into stinking mushrooms." 
"heyyyy suga plum. . 
"rt user twitter: "$5 lettuce, $5 apples, $5 carrots..." real life: . 
"user grapes" 
"rt user user user user happens more than the public hears about!! but we highlight the bad apples becau " 
"bbc news - magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain . drugs make people happy? that's crazy! magicshrooms" 
"rt user bbc news - magic mushrooms can 'reset' depressed brain . 
"hes ba-a-a-ck! get your freshly made anitas guacamole every saturday from 8 until 12:30 at the downtown... . 
"start your weekend off right with this spicy sausage and tofu breakfast burrito. . vegan . 
"rt user they better get lots of air freshener for her classroom. john podesta said that she smells like boiled cabbage, uri " 
"plan your brunching weekend with us!!! @ plum on park . 
"how about them apples? the process of getting apples to your plate is no easy feat: . 
"there is no denying that apples are a staple for the fall season. . 
"the grapes of wrath is my favorite book ever . 
"user cherry hill new jersey" 
"join us for christian worship tomorrow at all souls anglican church (user cherry hill nj at 4:00 pm. we will study romans 3.27-4.22" 
" bavaria h &amp; j co pink rose oblong vegetable ~ celery dish look nice u1... . . 
"your next head of lettuce, grown by a robot . via user 
"50 free spins at cherry casino no deposit bonus code for spartan slots casino 50 free spins at cherry ... . 
"user giveaway the potatoes" 
"autumn vegetable and black bean #soup follow us tumblr : . . 
"local user apples are the best apples! shop varieties like mcintosh, honeycrisp, and more . 
"rt user peach cobbler with ice cream. . 
"user the only answer. the jersey tomato" 
"new listing, an absolute peach! see it now; this one will go fast. $310,000... . 
"check out our latest nj dining adventure! reviewing the habit burger grill cherry hill | good food new jersey yum . 
"user damn, picked up apples and razors but i forgot the methamphetamines! thanks dprk! 1 news service!" 
"rt user enter to win! . user user user user user user user user 
"rt user check out this item in my etsy shop . use magic1o for 10% of of your order! halloween2017 cou" 
"glow-in-the-dark mushrooms... photo photo by martin pfister friends smile dream sleep love &amp; rt . 
"user hey bobby just past cherry hill, nj. how does it feel being from cherry hill, nj?! jerseypride" 
"perfect day for a soup special! roasted tempeh, sweet potatoes, baby portabellos, onions, . 
"hungry??? have some lettuce . 
"user i dont know if there is any cheap keys just yet. need to check cdkeys for asscreed oranges" 
"love the frozen grapes :) . 
"we were talking about rick ross and his pear diet last night at the bar " 
"what do you do with all those apples? check out these 30 essential apple recipes for fall! . 
" russ collection lady eleri teddy bear with plaid wool dress &amp; plum pur... . . 
"baked mac and cheese? disgusting sweet potatoes? disgusting mashed potatoes? eh ham and turkey? ewwww collard greens? vomit" 
"bananas aren't a type of cheese . 
"rt user interesting, good news, and positive from guardian for publishing at all! well done user user . 
"rt user did you know? broccoli provides almost 4 grams of protein per cup! nutrition broccoli . 
"cherry blossoms wrap gracefully around her arm. tattooedwomen tattoos flowers . . 
"weekend market update: in pennington we have 20% off broccoli &amp; cauliflower! and its our 2nd week at the ferry mar . 
"my hangover could use a grilled cheese and some tomato soup right now" 
"bw in the hot seat. we need some rock and cherry this morning my friend. beck i'm getting this album! user proudmember" 
"peach game ridiculous . 
"was feeling like absolute crap this morning. had a craving for mashed potatoes and gravy. ate some (a whole bowl). . 
"rt user it may give individuals the temporary kick-start they need to break out of their depressive states. . 
"could go for some pineapple &amp; a mimosa" 
"user thats the song ppl sing about not wanting ppl to say they want their bacon made of mushrooms instead" 
"rt user *switches the place cards so i'm sitting next to the mashed potatoes*" 
"user you cant die. thats so not cabbage." 
"rt user why isnt there a restaurant that just serves all different types of ways to eat potatoes, i am willing to pay good money" 
"good luck to braves varsity and jv field hockey at home today vs cherry hill east!" 
"user all i know for sure is that theyre not mushrooms. *blech*" 
"silentjersey party oct 20th @ vera in cherry hill advance tix only $5 get them now before they run out . 
"rt user go bananas! user has taken over the varsity aces snapchat. . 
"1-0 cherry hill east at the half. irish look to bounce back in the second. goirish " 
"just posted a video @ cherry hill mall, new jersey . 
"signature salad with roasted chicken. pairs nicely with a cherry rose finehealthkombucha .thanks . 
"holy guacamole user !! that avocado dance was amazing &amp; hysterical!! trishaskitchen" 
"rt user skip the peeling and slicing and spiralize apples instead : . . 
"user damn peach you looking sexy af! hahahaha &lt;3" 
"how ancient lentils reveal the origins of social inequality . via user 
"loving the burgundy and blush floral combo with a splash of peach!? we teamed up with user to show yo . 
"user user obama was for giving away the country 8 years of couch potatoes is over!!!!" 
"split pea flour, broccoli flour, kale flour, kabocha flour are flours that are changing the . 
"at halftime of braves varsity fh it's braves 0, cherry hill east 1" 
"tchstornadoes vs cherry hill west 10.13.17 3 messiahcoo on the carry. user user 
"tonight's specials *surf &amp; turf *sesame teriyaki salmon *chicken topped with salami, roasted tomato, asparagus &amp;... . 
"chestnut and lions mane mushrooms... mmm im thinkin breakfast casserole eatdankfood . 
"honey vanilla peach cobbler ice cream follow us pinterest : . . 
"ginger brown rice with carrots . . 
"kids playing with a couple barrels between tenements in gotham court, cherry street around 1890 . 
"rt user how sexy can cauliflower be? people on road trip with zeus: oh god that was a rhetorical question... . 
"don't see asians asking for chow mein or irish asking for cabbage . 
"i want a cherry coke but i don't need it yolo" 
"we're in love... apple galette with apricot and cointreau! testkitchen . 
"roasted sweet potato and cabbage summer rolls . . 
"dinner specials 10/13 appetizer:: grilled jalapeo cornmeal johnnie cakes with short ribs, apple cabbage slaw... . 
"rt user it all comes down to this...mls decisionday presented by at&amp;t will be bananas --&gt; . 
"red lentil masala with spinach . . 
"rt user when you don't have to compromise flavor with production &amp; u get the best of both tomato worlds psat2017 psat . 
"kang ped pe crispy grilled duck served over fresh charred pineapple with basil &amp; bell pepper in . 
"wait waffles? pancakes too? now that's what i call a taco [dies] . 
"somebody invented a diet avocado!? guacamole for everyone! holyguacamole fitfat avocado avoart: . 
"cauliflower and millet gratin . . 
"oct 13 cherry blossoms . 
"cabbage salad with peanuts . . 
"user user user i mentioned earlier i didn't know about the event. also, i don't think it's r . 
"grapes, sour or sweet, are ripe for dessert the complex fruitiness of grapes enhances recipes both savory (flatbre . 
"friday flashback to this delicious dish, a duo of duck with apples, rutabaga and swiss chard, served to perfectio . 
"rt user gentrifiedcookout don't have fried chicken. they only got fried chicken flavored tofu. . 
"rt user le montmartre mule. orange &amp; pineapple mariette, ginger beer, lime, mint. on menu exclusively at grand central oyst " 
"my mom's broccoli rabe and italian sausage pizza pizza food foodporn yummy love dinner salsa recipe . 
"order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are a really long baby this bowl? there's also some fried fish" 
"rt user popping my rt game cherry!!! one hour. $2/$2/$2, one comment per person!! help me rinse him! findomaddictiion " 
"turn you to a vegetable like you're lyin' in soup......" 
"who the hell says smashed potatoes instead of mashed?" 
"35 recipes starring sweet potatoes . fitness healthy . 
"just over here allowing bad behavior for the sake of a photo lincolnandjulie tgif apples for . 
"jamaicans cant season properly but im craving some jerk some of their food where can i find some good rice and peas with jerk fish" 
"sorghum oven pancake with pear . . 
"rt user turns out, scanning a broccoli looks a lot like fireworks... . . 
"sweet potato salad with lentils and fried egg . . 
"roasted broccoli pasta with roasted garlic goat cheese sauce . . 
"afternoon snack: 10 minute pumpkin soup with creme fraische, white . 
"rt user friends of the real charlie peach will love this! user womenboycotttwitter . 
"roasted garlic tomato soup . . 
"user i don't need russians hacking my burger and putting in lettuce. they may even change valid food groups fr . 
"user are you guacamole? because you're extra" 
"curried chickpea salad lettuce wraps . . 
"staying in tonight? cook up this cozy dish. user user basicstobrilliance . 
"ipad - how to get the most cash for old iphones and apples watches:with &gt;&gt; . . 
"cheese &amp; tomato sandwiches &amp; 2min noodles . 
"mood: steamed cabbage and carrots is a great idea darling! dinner veggies healthyeats vegetablemedley steame . 
"whole30 instant pot mexican stuffed sweet potatoes user . paleorecipes whole30recipes healthyrecipes paleo" 
"cream of vegetable soup . . 
"no, my mother actually loved me and wanted me to be happy . 
"scd mushrooms is live. . 
"supermarket standards expected fresh produce to conform like a packet of arnotts biscuits. fuser outrageous. . 
"white bean gnocchi with cauliflower and cream sauce . . 
"there goes my hero watch her as she goes . 
"reviewed user for possible buy. made me think of the mcdlt, was ahead of its time nothing worse on a burger than hot lettuce &amp; tomato." 
"i be putting cheese bacon and sour cream on my baked potatoes shit be loaded" 
"ricotta stuffed shells with roasted tomato sauce . . 
"rt user frankly it is shocking to discover that the fbi has a rotten and corrupt side to them. i guess that in any barrel y " 
"two women at pret examine the pumpkin bisque soup, declare it "basic." i wonder if the pumpkin lobby is panicking" 
"visit a pear farm (+ farro pear salad with ginger-sesame dressing) . . 
"rt user only way to eat it soooo good . 
"cannot begin to describe how incredible user peach silhouette is. this beer is a . 
"pink and peach jade carved rose necklace . etsymntt jemsbyjbandcompany . 
"sausage hash with carrots . . 
"store bananas at room temperature. they will brown in the fridge. cookingtip foodtips foodie . 
"user steamed vegetables broccoli pieces pkg states:product of mexico vuh2 best by aug 19 19..note broccoli uneatable dried out yellow" 
"scalloped potatoes (grain-free) . . 
"paired with made-to-order guacamole and don fino's la taqueria is the complete package! . 
"caramelized cauliflower salad . . 
"user should have gone with pumpkin spice bisque soup." 
"roasted cauliflower soup . . 
"rt user definitely . 
"youre fucked up if you liked james and the giant peach growing up." 
"quick throw together dinner for pizza night... traderjoes cauliflower crust with . 
"user genetically-modified apples that dont go brown are headed to supermarkets next month . 
"remember to sign up for open mic at the grisly pear . 
"popeyes for a late lunch let's see what this popcorn chicken mash potatoes french fries and a biscuit does fridayfeeling" 
"rt user wings and chicken pasta....lmaoo . 
"rt user so i go to walk out my dorm room and i smell bananas for whatever reason and . 
"pear guide for shopping locally . . 
"bananasandlotion the simple life! ivana trump dons a tracksuit to buy bananas and lotion . via user 
"grilled chipotle peach salad . . 
"ivana trump dons a tracksuit to pick up bananas and lotion at her local store in new york city . 
"easy one pan chicken, potato and broccoli recipe . . 
"rt user i've never met a man with an eggplant for a dick. " 
"user you bet imma flex wearing that kith cherry coke crewnecc lmao" 
"spinach berry popsicles with cereal . . 
"the roman emperor nero declared mushroomswhich killed his uncle claudius on this day in 54the food of the gods. . 
"super fruity and fresh! - drinking an apricot wheat by user at user . photo" 
"senran kagura peach beach splash gets three new team trailers showing cheeky wet action . 
"fallen leaves in an orchard of cherry trees in provence, france, in november. michel gunther / science source . 
"rt user shakespeare: "the tartness of your face would sour even the ripest of grapes" me: "yeah well, you're a dick"" 
"sticky sesame cauliflower recipe . yummyfood veganrecipe vegetarianrecipe healthyrecipe . 
"too faced collection just peachy mattes and 4 peach kiss long wear lipsticks new . . 
"pear cooking guide . . 
"rt user pear and almond cake foodie foodporn fake food miniature almond pear cake bake buzzfeedfood sweet eat " 
"aboutlastnight: pom pear cocktails + user fall fashion trend report show = haute . 
"how quickly we have sunk to a presidency where the term nuclear/grade bananas is not only apt but somehow insuffi . 
"super surprise. friend loves this german wine. was going to give it a try in dish she was making. never made it ca . 
"fridays are for fiestas! try our southwestern chicken salad! . 
"spicy snow peas and quinoa . . 
"halloumi burrito bowl with roasted potatoes and guacamole . . 
"user mashed potatoes are amazing-er" 
"user al1, going seventeen, love yourself, and cherry bomb (nct) " 
"9 creative diy tomato trellis ideas . . 
"sweet potato corn tostada with guacamole, sour cream and pick de gallo . 
"rt user avocado chicken salad pinwheels made with user for a healthy lunch or game day snack! . " 
"i rly love rehydrated shiitake mushrooms but the smell of them before they're soaked is just ughhhhhhhhh bad" 
"pineapple juice:" 
"rt user my husband entering the room: yes, it is a big soft pear and i will be making slurpy sounds. deal with it... or have some." 
"roasted potatoes and chickpeas with green harissa . . 
"peach shall akwys be my favorite non-disney princess! cosplay nycc2017 prettydress . 
"picking the last of the seasons grapes, with fire raging everywhere . . 
"rt user learning how apples grow at grisamore farms w smith elem kindergarten wearecortland . 
"user young turmeric soup and pumpkin" 
"he must have not liked that uncle. . 
"user c'mon; even bob cratchitt could afford to buy oranges at christmas; good for preventing scurvy!" 
"rt user we're always searching for the freshest ingredients to use in our dishes, like this romanesco broccoli from the cla " 
"user user is that not sweet plantains? do you guys call plantains, bananas? or is it actually banana? im so curious." 
"rt user he is seething with anger, because we do not love him. and, he is vengeful, always has been! . 
"rt user the roman emperor nero declared mushroomswhich killed his uncle claudius on this day in 54the food of the gods. " 
"tea braised carrots . . 
"i'm going to edit my superstar saga route tonight. i think i can get away with less mushrooms (11 damage/hit)." 
"user "in the usual way, please give me more bananas" . 
"blueberry, ginger, pineapple" 
"heres some interesting iphone8 news &amp; information from a trusted industry source brought to you by . 
"user pretty pretty please with a cherry on top" 
"cherry crumb cake (grain-free) . . 
"vegan dinner &gt;spring mix and spinach &gt; tomato &gt; green olive &gt; green grapes &gt; . 
"harissa potatoes over garlicky kale . . 
"black bean salad with roasted sweet potatoes . . 
"how would it feel if i gave you up? you'd be craving me like a honeycomb no apple cherry kisses how would it feel?" 
"this perfectly tiny tomato found on a walk started my day's visual thinking, followed by this delightful detail of . 
"grapefruit salad with sesame pistachios . . 
"roasted five-spice pumpkin soup . . 
"user never, coons aint cooking my plate. i need auntie maxines greens, not ray lewis mashed potatoes.." 
"rt user florida woman finds naked intruder in her home eating pineapple . 
"user user guys my obsession with mashed potatoes lately is bad" 
"user lol someone had a nice shake little extra broccoli" 
"friday, october 13th special today's obanzai: tofu kinoko an - housemade tofu inmixed mushroom soy dashi an wit . 
"a baked pasta with tofu ricotta vegan vegetarian glutenfree food govegan organic healthy raw recipe . 
"ripe tomato time!!! they clean up nicely. @ fairfield inn &amp; suites by marriott saratoga/malta . 
"lettuce stream: . via user 
"rt user user never, coons aint cooking my plate. i need auntie maxines greens, not ray lewis mashed potatoes.." 
"apricot, tangerine. hoppy yet smooth. - drinking a dare i say... a double ipa at user - . photo" 
"someones paying for dinner tonight lol . 
"pasta with fresh tomato cream sauce recipe . recipes pastarecipes dinnerrecipes . 
"user bad apples in every large group as we all know. the good ones realize that. it is frustrating to s . 
"cnn will rachel mad-cow run a story about weinsteins contract were he has freedom to sexually assault woman as lon . 
"its fri-yay! im having a pineapple crush cocktail to start off my weekend! for some reason im in the mood fo . 
"rt 10 health benefits of spinach . . health wellness" 
"day 1: bacon egg and cheese, 3 hash browns, tenders &amp; fries, 2 bags of chips, poutine, bowl of cereal, mash potatoes and chicken." 
"cherry juice - just how to remove gouty arthritis quickly what's the best way to get rid of gout and get gout disc . 
"these philly cheesesteak stuffed mushrooms from user are a fun idea for dinner! . 
"in the mood for a delectable appetizer? try our hawaiian grilled cheese (fresh pineapple, swiss &amp; ham)! buffalo . 
"user bring me an oriental chicken salad, extra chicken, hold the noodle crunch things. they're awful. dressing on the side. thanks." 
"rt user user fun fact: scott rudin, scary man, terrified of fresh made guacamole." 
"a hundred sixty dollars for a bunch of fuckin grapes " 
"rt user i love spinach " 
"straight facts award winning article . 
"the importance of heritage apples by the rhs . -- jorge" 
"sure is a hell of a day for a heart attack diy bypass w/a grapefruit spoon user user maga . 
"rt user brexit/sun brainwashing was so successful this woman voted leave because she thinks she saw straight bananas in a s " 
"this buffalo chicken salad is everything right now" 
"yeah, we have grapes. . 
"1-pan roast pork with apples + blackberries from our friend user get this sweet + savory recipe: . 
"i just made vegan tofu fishsticks and they were good" 
"join us tomorrow, october 14th, at user liquors &amp; fine wines from 1-4pm to taste our american dry gin, beach p . 
"bananas... rza went off on this first!!!! fire!" 
"user feel relieved that i dont have any canned pineapple in the house" 
"rt user grilled chicken and tomato pasta. . 
"for a georgia peach??? rt user cleveland is in advanced talks on a deal to send richard jefferson and kay felder to atlanta..." 
"rt user tofu fish sticks are really good, ill admit . 
"interesting take diversity safespace . 
"romanesque broccoli. a gorgeous fractal food. . 
"just ate a grape that taste like a baby tomato . 
"rt user oprah has her own line of mashed potatoes &amp; mac &amp; cheese? or pasta or something. idk i only saw the commercial. it was all" 
"eat beautiful leaves this fall! heirloom cabbage is in its glory: . recipes bndailyfix" 
"user user unquestionably user !! btw it's comparing apples to oranges .. er potato " 
"antique /vintage scalloped milk glass lamp shade. roc rarecatdeals habd . 
"we like our apples like we like our lips covered in caramel. sugarlips . . 
"i think cauliflowerrice is the new dinner staple in my dinner line up! recipe: . 
"alcohol &gt; everything . 
"cooked chicken with broccoli over rice and chicken dumplings . 
"user hummus is the best! especially with carrots!" 
"user potatoes r nice " 
"notes from my iphone: bananas salad jamie lee curtis yogurt" 
"baked chicken and potatoes in a white wine cream sauce. cooking homecooking lovecooking . 
"still life with plum on a white plate by shumilu stilllife photographyisart . 
"the base jumping in the car to cherry bomb jdjdjdjd" 
"beauty and the beast of yucca flats makeahorrorfilmforkids . 
"we packing greens for the weekend broccoli pasta tgif friday fridayz aperitivo nomnom delish . 
"i would like the following things delivered to my house by user as i'm sick and can't move: twizzlers panera tomato soup ty." 
"user user absolutely, he drives me bananas. especially when he dogs trump and tries to show up user which doesn't wk" 
"planet of the grapes in a jar. lifeisgood" 
"the brooklyn version of an egot is going to mr kiwi, mr mango, mr plum etc all in one day" 
"bes is all about the district health initiative tonight ..apples and cider at our healthy harvest walk donated by . 
"young tomato . 
"this tomato soup wasnt as good as the last one youre slipping oooooooh" 
"broccoli against diabetes; the relationship is positive . 
"rt user user maybe in another dimension were all really happy on peach" 
"rt user these oven-fried drumsticks can be coated in breadcrumbs, chips, cheese crackers, wasabi peas, corn flakes. name it " 
"rt user pretty as a peach recipes and treats always in season . 
"user there's also the smell of concord grapes in our backyard... it makes for a very distinct fall smell here. " 
"last weekend, user picked apples and i picked dead leaves . 
"i hate mia khalifa more than pineapple pizza from cleveland" 
"i just made instant mashed potatoes wrong... this is why i hate cooking" 
"rt user rt delicious turkey taco lettuce wraps! . via user . 
"cherry blossom at the edge of the volcano beautiful picture more: . 
"mushrooms are gross but they're part of the experience, bitch" 
"user i ate a whole ton of carrots thinking it helped my vision so when i failed an eye test i felt so got damn betrayed" 
"peach, brother . 
"heartbroken without the chicken salad at user i didnt say bye. i dont know when ill be able to love a sandwich again. " 
"candyman and the giant peach makeahorrorfilmforkids" 
"i just spat my grapes out!!!! . 
"rt user bananas and lotion. . 
"body and your body and your mind belong to the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you want" 
"i wanna go on an applebee's date because i want garlic mashed potatoes" 
"what? porkchop with butternut squash mashed potatoes, glazed carrots and a red wine cranberry . 
"easy beef stew recipe &amp; learn how you can win years supply of user ad nutrishfureverhome . 
"rt user george washington was a fan of this boozy cherry drink. . 
"rt user only 2 bananas a day . 
"oh no user you started a peach war. . . 
"is it just me or is the taste of chicken and broccoli different than chicken and cashews like i never eat the broccoli but its not the same" 
"the last tomato harvest of the season. frost @ werewolf ranch . 
"user i want to be next to your dad crushing grapes for wine exactly like in the video on facebook he posted" 
"rt user the shins cherry hearts (flipped version) and a new remix from user are available everywhere now! " 
"rt user my man out here negging smh . 
"rt user i cant wait till your nets give us the # 1 pick . 
"rt user *checks avi* a thickums with glasses?? yeah you can cook . 
"diet plans: tomato basil ... - bestfoodplantoloseweight bestweightlossmealplan dietforweightlossmealplan . 
"rt user chef user shares a meatlessmonday slow cooker recipe for braised shiitake mushrooms with user " 
"coconut shrimp is one of those pineapple on pizza things" 
"5 tasty twists on cauliflower rice . . 
"i just started watching baseball episodes, i'm still learning all the cast members. does derek jeter still have a peach?" 
"something new at vaperanger wholesale: red pineapple by .... check it out at: . 
"drinking a tanker truck sour series: plum gose by user @ countryside campground . photo" 
"rt user coworker deadass just said tomato n mootzerella like his ass drivin a dam gondola thru venice rn or somethin" 
"a "minimalist" pumpkin soup - only with pumpkin water salt and pepper japanese vegan recipe vegan vegetarian . 
"rt user the simplest summer grilled carrots recipes . . 
"homemade keto/low carb pizza. tastes great and is super easy to make. crust is cauliflower rice, mozzarella cheese . 
"if you all heard how i had to explain baseball to the gays last week... . 
"tonight cuisses de grenouille frogs legs parsley tomato provencal user . 
"rt user elevate your friday. mix 2 parts user grapefruit collins and 1 part purity vodka. user " 
"user ooooh!!! did you try the peach salad?" 
"mattresses made from the same kinds of bags our potatoes came in, stuffed with corn husks. i had an awesome conversation with someone" 
"i just walked through the times square turnstiles to the scent of stale vagina and celery, both distinct in their own way!!!!" 
"i enjoy user twitter. . 
"don't buy grapes wow you want this bowl? there's also some fried fish on honey i turn on honey i know you want this man nd" 
"rt user omg they called an avocado an alligator pear " 
"rt kelliwardaz: big difference b/t repubs &amp; dems in most places - not so much in az. flake &amp; sinema are two peas i . 
"user we didnt even get pizza, we got pizza roll which was hamburger roll with tomato sauce and american cheese" 
"user i relate to that tomato plant on a deep level." 
"magic mushrooms may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients . via user 
"we love apple season! valueaddedprocessing apples ... vapples . 
"rt user if you all heard how i had to explain baseball to the gays last week... . 
"popped my user cherry. verdict: fabulouuuuuussss! putitinyourmouth fabulous icecream highlyrecommended" 
"user that's great news cherry! " 
"gala apples in the house!!! galaapples appledessert fallspices hartsdale scarsdale . 
"id request: small white mushroom cropped up in my terrarium mycology fungi mushrooms mushroom beatrixpotter . 
"denver just had its first big freeze/snow and our tomato and pepper plants died. these little guys are growing near . 
"looking for a treat to make with all the apples you've picked? check out beth irons' slow cooker applesauce recipe: . 
"user mainly indexes and comoddities . fx is just testing. but i don't need to cherry pick. they're all right atm loll" 
"nowplaying scary cherry and the bang bangs - girl on fastcast4u.com user user 
"how tf do people eat sweet potatoes" 
"good thing that happened: trader joes free sample was a delicious tomato and feta soup! bad thing that happened: i spilled it on my shirt" 
"rt user i got my cherry lime lacroix. its time to vlog. im feeling magnetoesque this evening." 
"rt user looking for a treat to make with all the apples you've picked? check out beth irons' slow cooker applesauce recipe: " 
"farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are not fixing to get over in my lane" 
"it is a truth universally acknowledged that if magdalene is wearing a white shirt, she will eat something tomato based and spill it." 
""my sister in law peach is a great cake maker!"luigibot" 
"user what did irish people eat before they culturally appropriated potatoes from the inca?" 
"rt user what does this even mean . 
"benefits include amazon prime discount, all the apples and avocados you can stuff into a whole foods canvas tote . 
"ok what the hell is the point of a cauliflower meatball that has dairy and gluten in it" 
"user i like this, as i finish off a spinach, watermelon and apple smoothie. i know, i know." 
"user goop drives me bananas but i hear what you are saying" 
"rt user advertisements i've made for user and user new peach iced tea flavor launch! i hope you all enjoy &lt;3 . 
"foodporn eggplant bacon. this is delish! veganrecipes redefinewellness . 
"i make some excellent guacamole. . 
"rt user picking the last of the seasons grapes, with fire raging everywhere . . 
"no one wants to see my plain ass oatmeal / protein shakes and rainbow carrots with hummus" 
"medium engineering - medium : . how do you like them apples?" 
"user grapefruit flavor tastes like floor wax. don't ask why i know that." 
"to this day my favorite bit that ive ever done is walking into a banana republic and asking yall niggas got bananas?" 
"how to use spinach in a smoothie - mint persian detox smoothie recipe . 
"stock up now! pink grapefruit b... now available &amp; in-stock! find it here: . 
"i-need-to-use-these-apples-before they-spoil pie. baking cooking food recipes cake desserts win cookies . 
"user but that's a kind of lettuce or something" 
"check out the new post on my buddy ryan's music blog . 
"this balm is so lush! i have the sephora mini and will be picking up a full size soon . 
"rt user lonely big baby w no friends is sitting on a dirty ass bench eating garden tomato almonds at community college enjoying t" 
"medical xpress: magic mushrooms may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients . 
"user why so glum, mr plum" 
"radicchio salad with lentils and roasted acorn squash . . 
"garden turkey meatloaf . recipes cooking easyrecipes meatloaf turkey" 
"pelvic meatloaf release punishing new video for "scars" watch it here and get your ass kicked! . 
"curried pumpkin and peas with ground turkey via /r/recipes . 
""pineapple is for no one but yourself"" 
"rt user did you guys know that they write tomato on ketchup bottles because there are many different forms of ketchup. fo " 
"user because christians don't really know the bible, only select, cherry picked passages that's convenient for them to quote" 
"via user magic mushrooms can help reset the brain and stop depression: scientists . | . 
"pineapple upside down cake (grain-free) . . 
"rt user i love kotomine kirei but his consumption of mapo tofu haunts me" 
"can i get a id mycology fungi mushrooms mushroom beatrixpotter nature ambleside fungus science . 
"found this little guy in my backyard mycology fungi mushrooms mushroom beatrixpotter nature ambleside . 
"it's a shirt with a peach on. and the peach has trump's hair. and the face part looks sort of like a butt. impeac . 
"neneh cherry signed autographed 8x10 photo autographs . . 
"i washed two pots, two pans, scrubbed the potatoes, washed the cutting board,and all the other stuff. so she better be happy!" 
"rt . herfst.. paddenstoelen herfst natuur natuurfotografie mushrooms naturephotograph . 
"user sweet cinnamon peach angel food cake with whipped cream kisses . 
"fresh salmon is coated in red miso and ginger sauce, then oven-roasted until flaky and delicious. . 
"when nana bangs out beef stew and homemade tortillas! ballin . 
"(giant and mini) holiday butternut squash lasagna rolls with spinach . . 
"it's feeling like fall! farmers apples pumpkins squash visittheberkshires hudsonvalley . 
"arrived late user user hooked me up with last plate of delish tofu &amp; brussel sprouts!" 
"user i'm not the one with the condescending attitude, cherry. i'm an individual, not a file to put away in a bureau. comicsgate" 
"rt user iwasmindblownwhen this guy just kept taking video of us instead of giving us our lettuce . 
"i'm sure i'm gonna be craving cherry pie by the end of this too." 
"food&gt;no desserts:butter roasted pumpkin with spinach-- . foodmag . 
"who even are you? i thought i knew you. but now its clear that was all a charade... . 
"lentil broccoli bites with cream sauce . . 
"peach uncle paulyyyyyy" 
"fuckin bananas are goin extinct do something about it user 
"purples potatoes! wow. whole foods are good for you and highly processed, not so much. healthyrecipes nutrition . 
"spring panzanella with peas and fennel . . 
"i found a place that gives great seafood and the corn and potatoes are added!!!" 
"sage-like advice: whenever you feel sad, instead eat lots of pineapple. it is impossible to be sad while eating delicious pineapple." 
"rene byck watched his kids stomp grapes, hosted weddings and made wine at his winery for decades and now its gon . 
"rt user user user user nobody cares what you think. youre a bike riding vegan. guns are for hunti " 
"mary ashwood's 'to do' will be on display at user through oct. 27. . 
"vintage . set of 6 mid century hemstitched dinner napkins - white floral embroidery with sca . 
"chickpea burgers with spinach . . 
"user my signature drink (alex on the beach) is orange juice, coconut rum, and peach schnapps. i basically want nothing else." 
"lmao this is my nigga right here lolz . 
"pea potstickers with cabbage and ginger . . 
"lettuce bed burgers coming down the line! yummy foodporn instafood delicious foodie . 
"eggplant lasagna, veggie hot dogs and pickles, sweet potato fries, and coffee" 
"childish . 
"user spicy black beans and mango over brown rice" 
"why didnt you call me man? woulda gotten you the bail money. . 
"88-calorie cherry blossom cocktail . 
".user students will grind apples and make fresh apple cider from 1 to 4 p.m. on tuesd... . 
"rt user the world ends the way a peach goes bad. a few soft spots and a transformation to sweetness. . https:" 
"made breaded chicken, asparagus, and mashed potatoes this evening for dinner . 
"thinking about fighting helps. that sounds bananas, but its 100% true." 
"cabbage ginger noodles . . 
"user user user i'm sorry but that's cherry picking. how about standing up for women and sho . 
"post edited: veggie burger workshop! . brunch healthy kidfriendly" 
"user peach ciroc and pineapple juice" 
"rt user bts eat pineapple on pizza yes i love intellectuals . 
"sesame chicken with plum sauce (grain-free) . . 
"radioactive wild boars in sweden are eating nuclear mushrooms . 
"user don cherry called. he wants his sport coat back." 
"pesto salmon with parmesan roasted potatoes is the perfect dinner any night of the week scrubdots ad . 
"life is pretty blissful when mushrooms appear in house plants. i just know fairies are among . 
"user maybe i want to become a pineapple." 
"decor-ideas decorating-ideas furniture monday-mix sara-larsson interior . scalloped cabinet, dresser, ..." 
"rt user user peach ciroc and pineapple juice" 
"this man nd the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are a really long baby this man nd the" 
"user my oh my... what a lovely cherry you have." 
"im hella allergic to bananas but i continue to eat them because i like to live my life on the edge" 
"rt user user maybe i don't want to marry a pineapple" 
"rt user to this day my favorite bit that ive ever done is walking into a banana republic and asking yall niggas got bananas?" 
"rt user .user knows how to pair apples with cheese: . snack appies cheeseplate " 
"rt user autumn ros sangria with apples and pomegranates sangria ad wine user happy weekend! &gt;&gt; " 
"monkey business by the black eyed peas . 
"rt user mouth watering candy apples that you and your kid will love. apples recipe fruit . . 
"even if she hot i'm gonna drop her like potato, told these niggas catch up like the sauce from a tomato" 
"me in the pit at the la to the moon tour . 
"smoke from california's fires could make grapes left on the vines taste like ashif the vines survive at all . 
"rt user sprouts kale broccoli caulis cabbage = all the same species weve just modified their genetics over centuries to " 
"i had peanut butter graham crackers for dinner &amp; now regret choosing low-quality vegan junk food over this v. high- . 
"mcdonalds in france just released a new veggie burger. i approve vegetarian vegan food foodporn veggie foodie . 
"dont gimme a milkshake without a cherry on top. i will slap you " 
"rt user smoke from california's fires could make grapes left on the vines taste like ashif the vines survive at all . 
"breaking: magic mushrooms can help reset the brain and stop depression: scientists . 
"user and holy guacamole!!!! i am so freaking happy for you!!!!!!!!!!" 
"ever try yucca fries? its time! . 
"tandoori cauliflower wrap . . 
"user and yet they didn't specify that the pie be made with vermont apples? . 
"better than "middle aged uber"! . 
"this greek salad with chicken gyro is outstanding! eating eating dinner at krinti mediterranean . 
"cherry coke zero and destiny 2. " 
"tagliatelle with avocado pesto this creamy vegan tagliatelle with avocado &amp; spinach pesto and sl... . via user 
"user david crosby, like the finest wine. the more it ages, the better it gets. sky trails is a product o . 
"date night part 1: fried chicken and potato salad paired with a rye manhattan - at one of our . 
"carbonara with mushrooms, peas and bacon with colavita linguini @ safe harbor cafeuser . 
"rt user the works cheeseburger pizza is a simple to prepare recipe loaded with lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and onions. " 
"lamb and cabbage dinner . 
"oat crisp with burst tomato arugula salad . . 
"what is this thing? popped up in under a week and is now half dead crawling with maggots. mycology fungi . 
"smoked paprika potato spinach salad with homemade blue cheese dressing . . 
"sausage, potato, and spinach sheet-pan dinner (grain-free) . . 
"i'm drinking vodka and pineapple juice and i just left the barber. i'm gonna be obnoxious on snapchat tonight" 
"smartphone amplifier handcrafted from cherry and oak hardwood . via user 
"tonights dinner! user recipe weve morphed. eggplant parm baked in the oven. yum! served . 
"just opened up a frozen burrito and shoved spinach into it so i can write it off as healthy" 
"orange sesame chicken bowl (from "clean eating"); chicken, roasted broccoli and sweet potatoes, . 
"user i think normila died after camally went together to ts concert. that time cabbage patch dodged ally to "na . 
"butternut squash &amp; carmelized red onion lasagna with spinach mornay. skeautumnalaf . . 
"baked barley risotto with carrots . . 
"so the elderly lady at 7-eleven shared with me that i should buy a peach white owl &amp; idk why " 
"rt user latest raw story info: magic mushrooms can help reset the brain and stop depression: scientists " 
"apple loop: new iphone x problems, dangerous design decision, apples ar failure . tweet4mee" 
"check out: organic apples are in season - cornucopias take: organic apples are healthy for your family and the... . 
"positive news! . 
"fried cauliflower with romesco sauce and quinoa . . 
"he mispelled potatoes not potato . 
"rt user black cherry is the 13th flavor we ever created. but we always keep a rabbits foot, four-leaf clover, and horseshoe " 
"rt user user made a delectable feta, tomato (from our tomato plant!), &amp; tzatziki grilled cheese today for lunch " 
"dinner - turkey meatloaf, veggies, veggies and veggies and some delicious kale salad." 
"wide potatoes girls_last_tour # . 
"christian mcbride - ham hocks and cabbage . funkyjazz classicjazz listen user 
"this is how many calories you'll find in one cup of grapes . 
"user user i do a chicken, spinach, and cheese tortellini soup in my ipno recipe for that one. just t . 
"taco bell: well take any ol food item and make a taco shell out of it. like bananas? boom! taco shell. candy corn? taco shell." 
"user not at all. some people love the smell of cauliflower and brussels sprouts." 
"home is: orecchiette w guanciale, kale, spinach and pecorino. girls happy, babbo happy. time now . 
"did you know apples are a superfood? include them in your recipes this fall! . . 
"user sweet potatoes are a fucking delicacy" 
"rt user holy bananas superdarktimes was not only insanely nostalgic for me *minus* the super dark times but it was also " 
"most interesting facts about grapefruit . . 
"rt user no carl, thats not lettuce! . 
"rt user have leftover apples from your fall apple picking? peep our latest miffy fun activity for ways to use them on " 
"garlicky spinach cornmeal crepes . . 
"rt user donovan once told me i shouldn't like bananas because i was a lesbian....now i'm dating that dumbass...how?" 
"rt user thank you rockhampton! this fan clearly planned his big pineapple transport... avoid hassles by reading info here: " 
"cute potatoes bathing stitches girls_last_tour # . 
"user user how about like the mushrooms in the original "the beguiled"." 
"rt user handknit shouldershawl in plum wine caron simply soft womens | nancysknotslace . . 
"rt user swear bubs &amp; i ate like two peas in a pod. like we share one brain. " 
"maya grill on yelp: stuffed plum . 
"current obsession: clean and clear pink grapefruit oil control film. the scent is so addicting! user . 
"i never knew cauliflower leaves were edible and that you can pickle them - great tip! nycwff user 
"when you put tomato soup in the microwave and it bursts . 
"user in progress peach daddies . 
"rt user cherry by lana del rey is the best song to come out of 2017 dont @ me" 
"lentil shepherds pie with sweet potatoes . . 
"no gas? no oven? no problem. cast iron skillet pizza with enoki mushrooms is cooking. (i hope it's good) . 
"curried eggs with spinach . . 
"the woman who works the counter at the local chinese takeout place on my street who appears to speak at least 5 languages it's bananas" 
"the witching hour (gin, pear, chartreuse, and activated charcoal halloween cocktail) recipe . 
"oh yeah user bananas foster ice cream is a high quality indulgence - . 
"salmon gotta go . 
"young buffallo chicken on a hero, no tomato.. oh and american cheese . 
"rt user smartphone amplifier handcrafted from cherry and oak hardwood . 
"rt user alice after eating the mushrooms reommended by the hookha smoking caterpillar. . 
"user like mushrooms? (keep them in the dark, feed them bullshit)" 
"autumn vegetable soup recipe . souprecipe recipes healthyrecipe veganrecipe vegetarianrecipe healthyrecipe" 
"rt user celery . 
"peach tea popsicles . . 
"rt user just opened up a frozen burrito and shoved spinach into it so i can write it off as healthy" 
"young sriracha chick peas . 
"new stylish lovely pineapple pattern soft tpu back case cover for iphone 5/se/5s . 
"balsamic vinegar ain't bad on eggplant" 
"rt user one banana per day keeps the grumpy away . fruits health bananas happiness happy food " 
"spaghetti makes me happy! spaghetti with hearty tomato beef stew homecooking pasta spaghetti beefstew tomato . 
"curry split pea soup with carrots . . 
"chili lentils over sweet potatoes . . 
"sooo beautiful in black cherry by mori lee!! sales!! $100! selected racks of short and long at . 
" not a whole head of lettuce though lmao! . 
"left pocket lettuce right pocket relish" 
"user pineapple!" 
"pasta night! airfried broccoli, grape tomatoes, lots of garlic, onions, peppers and airfried . 
"rt user bbq albino broccoli made me scream . 
"dried apricot soup with emmer . . 
"user user like what will happen if i kill someone with the poisonous mushrooms? do they no longer . 
"coriander cauliflower amaranth salad . . 
"we also harvested our grapes today - about 6 - 4 gallon buckets full! homesteadlife selfsufficiency" 
"win a free polly pineapple plus teething tips, too giveaway ad h . . 
"nahhhhh it's nvr been proven ... since ~7-10 yrs ago, when it stated to yield results. . 
"cherry miiverse night livestream (epic) ft. friends! announcements, releases, and fun! *live*: . via user 
"african curry with cauliflower . . 
"eating clean on friday night is a snap! eat snap peas &amp; other veggies to keep u on track until ur cheat day! . 
"user user user user what you perceive as lies? yes, list them all, wad up the paper . 
"exactly what i was hinting at!!! . 
"rt user democrats think following the law is nuclear grade bananas . 
"spinach - greek chicken orzo soup: comfort food made in the slow co-- . buzz . 
"ive been mostly living off of quinoa for the past two weeks and i feel like we have a rick ross and pear thing going on here" 
"i love tofu teriyaki . 
"the planet of the grapes of wrath makeafilmascififilm" 
"baked farro risotto with cauliflower . . 
"user cherry cakes happening rn and i care so much about cherry cakes (have never heard of cherry cake until 10 min ago)" 
"cracked einkorn porridge with stewed blood oranges . . 
"user ossining nationalist. check out dorothy ashby, don cherry's brown rice, ornette's science fiction, ar . 
"why is my tofu so ugly" 
"my plan for dinner was cabbage and chicken but i discovered an eggplant so eggplant and . 
"these were just quaint and cute. taken at crabtree falls virginia. mycology fungi mushrooms mushroom . 
"rt user peach notes and weavings and cards, oh my! . 
"user peach ice tea" 
"had a veggie burger today and i liked it " 
"win user freshworks containers from the user giveaway freshworksfreshness ad . 
"the amount if grilled cheese and tomato soup i'm about to eat is truly an inspiration" 
"shoutout to all the pear ....." 
"rt user from idaho . 
"cherrys birthday dinner! happy the francos are in nyc (@ gelso &amp; grand - user . . 
"spinach enchiladas with lentils . . 
"healthy recipes : one ... - agoodhealthydietplan agoodhealthymeal balanceddiet balanceddietmeal bestdietfoods . 
"two roads plum gose cans now available. . user craftbeer craftnotcrap beermenus" 
"i've experienced this first hand, stupid drug taboo makes me feel ashamed to admit that. mentalhealthawareness . 
"order yours at . and make an appointment for a rub down. grapes grapeseedoil organic natural carrieroil acne" 
"baked potato, salad, shrimp &amp; fish! dindin feelthereal playing user 
"25 janet evanovich ~ lot of 25 stephanie plum series ~ books 1-22 + in betweens . . 
"user you say that like putting your peen in bombers' bbq tofu burrito is a bad thing." 
"to your stomach, all potatoes are mashed....." 
"user just a chicken caesar salad " 
"my mum told me sweet peas were climbers and i had no idea. didnt have bamboo so i improvised! grow little sweet pea . 
"user nothing too exciting lol chicken, cabbage, white rice &amp; corn on the cob" 
"if u drown ur fries in ketchup or other sauces, ur evil. sauces on the side, let the potatoes breathe &amp; let their flavour and texture shine" 
"homemade chinesefood night at this house. wontonsoup wonton orangechicken broccoli . 
"user scalloped is sweet but they face the wrong direction. standard better. needs front serrations." 
"rt user if your favorite part of fall is the sweet potatoes, we have you covered! . 
"a pic of me taken with a gameboy camera. they stopped making these things 13 years before the pic was taken. . 
"user no way guacamole is ass man!!!" 
"first day back in the kitchen fish seafood snapper redsnapper veggies carrots cucumber . 
"rt user young peach juice. ayeeeeeee! . 
"rt user young cran-pineapple . 
"rt user young shawarma. . 
"garlic mashed cauliflower roasted broccoli and whole wheat noodles with spinach and mushrooms tossed with fresh hom . 
"kinda got a little bit of rest. groceries achieved. dinner consumed. chicken salad prepped for tomorrow. more wwe 2k18 coming up soon!" 
"chitting potatoes gives them a head start . . 
"practice makes perfect. this pizza has pear procuitto mozzarella maplesyrup salt pepper . 
"user in lic serves up a delicious brunch omelet with a side of the most perfect potatoes! . 
"user its time that they create a veggie burger for person like me. please. thank you!!" 
"peach cake peach cake" 
"bucatini w fresh tomatoes sauce and chicken meatballs. lettuce . 
"the cherry club in huntsville, alabama - . xxx nsfw adult" 
"wow had no idea this guy was a moron. what is usd' s revenue? . 
"user (2) it's not tomato or tamato. because if you already spent the night (tonight) in chicago, that's impossible " 
"up canning things (eggplant caviar and green salsa) because i'm going to disney tomorrow. plants won't stop. . 
"rt user vip sale 1950s vintage art deco cherry red wide clamper bangle . 
"user dog lmaoooo curry potatoes wild passive aggressive" 
"jamaican food fight: d&amp;g pineapple vs d&amp;g kola guess who won? . 
"cherry house tonight i play at 10pm free champagne til 10pm free all ages eau claire message luc or call/text 646-401-4382 for address" 
"young amys gluten free broccoli cheddar bowl . 
"you can tell this dude is not a fucking drunk. this song should be called " having drinks and trying to get some pe . 
".user advice for confronting racism: you can love your granddaddy but call him out &amp; then ask him to pass the peas. beingfearless" 
"user pizza mozarella sticks fries veggie burgers donuts ice cream excuse me" 
"enjoyed watching these yellow shrooms mature over the last few days! mycology fungi mushrooms mushroom . 
"the real problem with eating a whole pineapple every day is that when you stop your body freaks out and you don't poop for a week" 
"so many bananas so many bees xp" 
"rt user evil eye earrings lampwork hearts in plum pink- hamsa e107 . jetteam hamsa . 
"wine and grapes kinda night . 
"teriyaki salmon with sriracha cream sauce and cookies and cream brownies topchefstatus . 
"user you mean "black eyed peas", right? not "blacked eyed peas"." 
"we are still outdoors! lots of good eating to do at this time of year! bread, butter, jam, potatoes, greens,... . 
"imagine being a mighty emperor and dying from a damn mushroom... life is cruel . 
"omega_institute: .cornelwest's advice for confronting racism: you can love your granddaddy but call him out &amp; then ask him to pass the peas" 
"wish you could smell this jar of pineapple express . 
"my kinda 150-calorie snack. i love blue cheese &amp; gala apples together whatadietitianeats @ . 
"bananas and chocolates for breakfast" 
"turkey meatloaf meatballs recipe . . 
"user 40 plum point rd., elkton, md... a very haunted house &amp; property" 
"the blacked eyed peas and marvel are teaming up for comic and augmented reality app . . th" 
"user so ummm how about that bowl of potatoes? user priceless" 
"baby this bowl? there's also some fried fish on the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you" 
"user why don't you just do everybody a favor &amp; jump off a bridge u cabbage patch doll look alike bitch." 
"i need curry cauliflower or vegan pesto pasta" 
"i love spinach dip. don't @ me." 
"user love their steaks, salads, baked potatoes and bloomin onion!" 
"sabina berry is currently: eating tofu giving my body the protein it needs to become healthy and strong ! :d" 
"rt user on today's . growing delicious, clean and blemish-free potatoes from straw - see how this pro " 
"empty nest diaries: my dad forages for mushrooms now." 
"curry chicken dumplings sweet potatoes and a salad ... bedtime gotta a 16 hour work day . 
"rt user iwouldkilljasonby feeding him pineapple on pizza." 
"when my cat runs down the hall it sounds like someone dropped 12 oranges on the hardwood floors" 
"user user user i love potatoes" 
"day 2 of my "plant based" diet and i just ordered chicken salad sandwich. first thing i thought was that i screwed up because of the mayo." 
"honestly pineapple goes really good on pizza." 
"cherry 11 lows . 
"been drinking and i'm so hungry man, finna cook me a garlic butter rib eye with garlic butter shrimp and mash potatoes" 
"america! an angry red tomato is squinting at you from two equally repulsive angles! maga or something terrific an' . 
"user i'm going to cooper river cx in cherry hill nj, but i still need gloucester elite women updates" 
"user user user and so are potatoes that are turned into fries or tater tots" 
"had pizza grapes and a waffle for dinner tonight. bon appetit" 
"fear of mushrooms conquered (stolen from moochl ) @ do hwa . 
"chicken tamale casserole . . 
"now playing matt houston - cherry lane . 
"rt user 7. do you have any bananas . 
"rt user from our blog! skin benefits of apricot seed oil . healthtips beautytips health . 
"rt user stylish sturdy tote bag pattern sallie tomato lst101 . epiconetsy etsymntt . 
"the facebook episode of user is note perfect. butters running his troll farm out of an abandoned circuit city was the cherry on top." 
"user now i wonder if laimbeer will try and trade for any of the liberty players. kelsey plum is an interesting bargaining tool." 
"user tuna and mayo are the two foods i can't abide. add pineapple? barf barf barf." 
"brightlinebites. out these stuffed portobello mushrooms by andrea, user on instagram. . 
"if you have old potatoes, throw them away...they could kill you . . 
"cherry icees make me so happy." 
"iwouldkilljasonby adding strychnine in his guacamole." 
"banana breakfast smoothie yum! i love bananas and smoothies so this should be . . 
"rt user user queen of carrots" 
"user peas are shook " 
"yum! cauliflower hummus by my beautiful friend kirsten: . 
"china mushrooms and truffles market report 2017 - analysis and forecast to 2025 - research and markets . 
"cherry velvet kept insisting she had had better days. . 
"apples, peaches pumpkin pie: where to pick your own fresh fruit in new jersey . . 
"rt user baked apples. snapping the seal for hurricane relief. more info: . ad sealsforgood foodie " 
"rt user in other news. . 
"user i ate too many grapes" 
"user user i could actually see that being really great - with the pineapple too. i'm def giving it . 
"here lies shane's wig. may she rest. . 
"i look forward to president murphy cleaning up all the destruction. . 
"i don't want anything magic to reset my depression. i just want it to go away. . 
"rt user shiitake mushrooms with swiss cheese casserole . recipes . 
"user riley let me send you some pineapple pizza" 
"marinated heirloom tomato and arugula salad. longislandliving longislandfood . 
"when apples fly indiewrestling . 
"when peach comes on . 
"spunkys halloween bag is teeming with apples. inktober day 13 inktober2017 teeming kidlitart . 
"salmon and creamed spinach. the salmon was marinating in lemon juice, minced garlic, salt, . 
"rt user rabbid peach wants to thank you all for your nice comments about her. mariorabbids rabbidpeach . 
"not fixing to the u.s. government he is with the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are" 
"peach cobbler lincolnusher . . 
"rt user how many grapes do you think i can fit in my mouth?? - a saga in 4 frames user . 
"user i hope we can get some recalled lettuce to serve for his dinner" 
"user hello is that peach sake??" 
"rt user i remain confused about who tf martha is &amp; whether grapes are or ever were involved . 
"rt user how difficult was it for him not to say "popped my cherry"? do you think he stumbled over "cherry" to get to "quest " 
"user user user so you can't just use final quarter of 2013 as your baseline as compare . 
"i finally realize that 2017 has redeeming qualities . 
"lmfao ive actually been there before. . 
"* continued to enjoy my new job * ate many tomato soups and grilled cheeses * took several afternoon naps * had a bunch of cool dreams" 
"fried green tomato season gardening garden gardens diy landscaping home horticulture flowers gardenchat . 
"user lean chicken breast filet, broccoli , fennel, asparagus, ginger, mushrooms , red onions, basmati rice " 
"tmnt sergeant bananas figure complete playmates 1991 ninja turtles on ebay: . tmnt . 
"diabetic friendly b'day feast! eat smart! key to 50 more user . 
"user why not a grapefruit" 
"wishing you and yours a happy and healthy national meatloaf appreciation day &amp; thanks so much for following me! . 
"this sat/sun 9-6 pyo apples, huge selection of giant pumpkins with $10max, tomatoes ($1/lb), . 
"user have you ever had a grilled cheese with slices of apples?!" 
"to the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are not fixing to get over in my lane" 
"user lettuce wraps. " 
"i step into the batter's box with a big bulging cheek you're like damn this dude's packing a fat lip of dip i spit out a whole plum" 
"his tweets are increasingly terrifying. how will this end? when? i wonder, does this feel like any time before it? . 
"baby yeah yeah yeah . 
"ruby zoisite and peach moonstone bracelet . etsymntt gemstone_bracelet . 
"user what kind if mushrooms?" 
"in 14k yellow gold 18x12 pear shape genuine ethiopianopal jewelryshop jeweler jewelryrepairs . 
"black eyed peas - pump it . nowplaying tb music travel" 
"rt user 171014 # jaehyun nct127 cherry bomb . 
"making some fried potatoes . 
"kale-stuffed portobello mushrooms get this amazing recipe here: . . 
"rt user what's your favorite way to eat sweet potatoes? nutrition sweetpotatoes . 
"trump just kneecapped the iran nuclear deal. and he revealed his core weakness. . 
"see our latest rockhill, sc job and click to apply: barista - store# 48156, cherry road - . customerservice" 
"rt user please rt! beauty cosmetics makeup yes to grapefruit pore perfection brightening peel review " 
"i made a tofu breakfast scramble for the first time today and oh my goodness why haven't i been eating these forever?!?!?!?! veganlife" 
"love our farmer's market trips! today we found this delicious pastured pork, spinach and pepper . 
"rt user user next: schools ban broccoli, citing concerns over taste." 
"roasted cauliflower brain with green slime hummus and dead mans finger sandwiches.. | claire justine . 
"i could go for some broccoli cheddar soup right now" 
"rt user good night carrots, pinwheel will drop tomorrow im expecting a pin drop from josh, anticipate my ga ok aku cinta ka " 
"user not in my potatoes." 
"apple galette...perfect fall baking inspiration, especially on nationaldessertday! getgrizzly . 
"free e-book! super yummy baked tofu for the air fryer! . 
"beerwelove ! the user pear la bonte farmhouse ale. nice flavours and a slightly sour taste. kudos . 
"giveaway! win a skein of ashes of the phoenix and a black cherry stitch marker! follow on instagram for details! in . 
"what is more healthier to eat in a salad? lettuce, spinach or both" 
"ice flavors of the day: all-natural strawberry-banana, blood orange, blue raspberry, cherry, chocolate,cotton... . 
"it's catamount game day in cullowhee! we have a buffalo chicken salad wrap with a side for $7.99! our purple cats p . 
"check out terry lewis light pearl pink/peach zipper front lined leather jacket . user 
"user user you take the entire amendment in the context of the time it was written, not cherry pi . 
"bake your fave spinach &amp; artichoke dip on a crescent roll crust &amp; turn it into delicious party squares! recipe: . 
"chick-fil-a discontinued their chicken salad, and i am livid " 
"today we helped harvest sweet potatoes that will be cured and canned for local food pantries. never stop serving! . 
"savory vegan chickpea peanut stew . 
"4 things we love about fall! apples, weather, daylight savings time, and fall clearance! . . 
"apples big jump into original content will start with steven spielbergs amazing stories its bee . techlatestnews" 
"seriously obsessed with guacamole salsa " 
"i get to eat a whole grapefruit today " 
"rt user keeper apples, painted by royal charles steadman, 1926 . 
"user i know youre super busy. i only like wearing your velour liquid lips. i was wondering if youll ever do a deep plum?? " 
"their new cherry cola has caused a public stir by setting the tongues of people who drink it on fire.... . 
"rt user my friends do not eat candy. sugars diabetes infarct risk. make womans fat not marry life alone. eat pineapple na " 
"user the u.s. had a bad tomato crop this year" 
"fresh pizza coming at ya! ghost thumb - tomato sauce, mozzarella, andouille, caramelized onions, fresh peppers, ro . 
"warm up this fall with this delish red curry soup w/lentils vegan grain-free . via user 
"try this sweet and savory twist on classic cornbread, using caramelized onions, apples, and thyme. . 
"rt user try this sweet and savory twist on classic cornbread, using caramelized onions, apples, and thyme. " 
"hike camp backpacking mountain beef stew | gluten, grain, milk, soy, nut, &amp; nightshade free . 
"joyce farms recipe for beef stew will give you the feeling that autumn has arrived! . . 
"did you know nc grows the largest number of sweet potatoes in the country? enjoy this recipe: . nationaldessertday" 
"rt user [first date] me: (be cool, don't let her know you miss harambe) date: i'll have the banana pudding me: you know who el" 
"varieties of pulses: beans, peas and legumes . 
"user user user user yes pop the cherry " 
"user i just went and ordered a chicken salad sandwich and she told me they discontinued it like a week ago " 
"sweet and sour red cabbage cooks up fast in your instant pot. add some tofu or tempeh for a complete meal! . 
"rt user maga lying foxnews likes to treat its viewers like mushrooms; feed them shit &amp; keep them in the dark. foxoff . 
"pound cake! we've also got roasted beet cake, amber rum fruit cake, plum cake, cherry anise . 
"dragon fruit is a hybrid of the prickly pear!!!!! " 
"rt user my boyfriend brought me this thinking it was a flower but it's lettuce . 
"rt user bro: *eating* bro: *looks up at sis as if he just had a vision* bro: if tomato is a fruit, then is ketchup a smoothie..!? sis:" 
"user peach!!" 
"with their hunger quenching fiber and cancer-fighting antioxidants, apples really are one of nature's best . 
"livingonchi: geoengineeering fukushima plant hemp and mushrooms in every spare inch of land! . 
"i'm sorry becky but drinking a green concoction of kale, lettuce, veggies, and other horrible tasting stuff doesn't . 
"user i will overlook this because i am magnanimous and sometimes people just have to be allowed to be wro . 
"rt user did you know nc grows the largest number of sweet potatoes in the country? enjoy this recipe: . nati" 
"can someone buy me some guacamole? please" 
"sip some yummy tea in our relaxation lounge, before your service! we have flavors like perfect peach, &amp; everyone's . 
"fall + north carolina mountains = apples anddonuts andfritters @ justus orchard . 
"even ron cherry wouldnt throw that flag." 
"user pomegranates are i don't like most fruit cuz i'm allergic to some of it i only like bananas, stra . 
"looking for that perfect snack that screams fall? apple pie snack cakes . recipes apples . 
"spent the morning harvesting sweet potatoes with my user students and learning specialists. it was a great . 
"[me at panera bread] . 
"pear and lime. the perfect compote . 
"bit the hell out of my lip eating carrots. health food my ass." 
"go user - this is bananas imkona2017 . 
"zucchini cakes with spinach, arugula &amp; basil sour cream . via user 
"rt user cherry bomb is goosebumps when you see it live...nct127 is really amazing!sm did something right here... nct127 " 
"so-long summer growler promo starts today for a limited time... upcide down (pineapple) &amp; hammahd (watermelon) are . 
"i don't understand how someone can think grilled onions and mushrooms are nasty. i could eat an entire bowl for lunch. don't @ me." 
"this picture is hilarious . 
"arsenal throwing away a win is the cherry on top of my crappy saturday. " 
"apple streusel. this treat combines tender crisp apples,... - apple streusel. this treat combines tender crisp ... . 
"rt user running and coffee go together like peas and carrots! . 
"user nah, the cherry blossoms def sell it as sakura with a new design 5 seems like it'd be makoto" 
"mr bob made beef stew i the crock pot. sunday dinner... . 
"pumpkins, apples and the mountains make for the perfect saturday! fallfun . 
"user mine was eggs, broccoli, smoked chicken. so - youre good to go!" 
"your voting rights may be stripped by 2018 . . . . 
"rt user honestly ? i love how cad characters look like they're wearing jnco jeans the proverbial cherry on top . 
"hey clemson fans, fuck your 31-0. how those oranges taste? 27-24 cuse" 
"user yes! cherry bowl here we come!" 
"amish cherry pie . . 
"user i think it pulled a lot of peach fuzz out more than anything lollll but right around my nose looks a lo . 
"user the potatoes have eyes" 
"old fashioned beef stew . via user 
"user my dad was super into halloween and always made his own costumes. so much more fun. i'd totally buy fake ap . 
"rt user i'll never be able to top user going with broccoli rob, so i'm not sure i'm going to try. . 
"this chicken bacon ranch layer salad . via user 
"oranges arent hard to draw js . 
"user peach fuzz being ripped off hurts more than waxing i may have to try that mask again" 
"i got a thin crust, pineapple and chicken pizza and damnnnn" 
"rt user i added a video to a user playlist . ddg &amp; famous dex "lettuce" (wshh exclusive - official mu" 
"user cabbage" 
"rt user when college football teams bought oranges low, and sold oranges high syracuse . 
"finally made beef stew in the power pressure cooker tonight. cook time: 20 minutes it was great! . 
"pineapple def belongs on pizza" 
"i got my carrots on, i got my bunny suit on, im ready for bed" 
"were resting well tonight knowing that the irishknight is staying where is belongs, on cherry . 
"this weekend's specials are phenomenal. deep fried pork cutlets with mashed potatoes and chuckwagon corn. sausage a . 
"user hey . but i have to see the plum dress dawg" 
"rt user maple roasted sweet potatoes. foodkoma vegetables eat . 
"bowl white chicken extra corn extra sour cream cheese lettuce" 
"birdfish cactus pear double pale ale (user is on, replacing rhinegeist cidergeist" 
"oil and tomato sauce... microwaved, fucked this container up smfh.. just throw it away. . 
"american vandal is the most hilariously bananas show ive seen on netflix. i love it" 
"rt user week 8 knights it's bc week so come out and support your knights on cherry street it will be a jersey out" 
"jamaican steamed cabbage . via user 
"for real how do people like pineapple on pizza? like i've never had a slice of pizza and thought wow i wish this had a juicy tropical crunch" 
"woodford rye, vermouth, cherry bitters. as user said, its manhattan season." 
"hand harvested carrots inseasonnow . 
"user user pineapple on pizza is amazing fam. that song was whack tho lolol" 
"rt user me and you by peach!!! full song dropping on soundcloud soon!!! if this gets over 150 retweets hell drop anoth " 
"user wherever someone is enjoying a delicious pear." 
"user *apples in liquid form" 
"rt user watching people meal prep they dry ass chicken breast and broccoli for the next two weeks....... . 
"this peach tea is so damn good " 
"rt user y'all the meal!!!!!! i'm weak ! . 
"mediterranean surimi lettuce wraps are perfect for nationalseafoodmonth . ad simplysurimi . 
"user user user close, but not enough apples" 
"rt user the sexiest thing about me? well i love tomato soup" 
"i sit down and he places my plate in front of me.it was steak, potatoes and salad.i was bout to try the potatoes and tia eats off my plate." 
"shes like tofu; absorbs flavor, got none of her own." 
"a woman just proclaimed that meatloaf's song anything for love is about anal sex and she is unwilling. overheardconversations" 
"due to heavy picking, the pumpkin patch is now all picked out and closed for the season. we still have plenty of apples to pick!!" 
"user user usually 10 or 12, but yeah. a few bad apples can ruin the effectiveness of an agency. loo . 
"rt user 11 of the best french onion recipes that aren't soup - chicken, pasta, meatloaf &amp; more! . https:" 
"rt user creamy vegan fall vegetable curry soup from user foodista's food blog of the day! . . 
"rt user had the opportunity to interview user while at user today. story in user friday and online now. . 
"rt user rt user id rather be growing grapes! . sweetromance winery findlayohio" 
"rt user preorder christmas! meatloaf and mistletoe will make your heart happy! . 99c ku release 1 " 
"so glad that i cant sleep 90% of the time. just a cherry on top ya know?" 
"i liked a user video . grapefruit technique reaction!!!!!!!" 
"citrus (grapefruit, lime, orange zests) bath salts, all natural @ tea, herb &amp; milk soaps--&gt; . . 
"rt user .user - i miss home - listen: . - cherry avenue - . 
"user user they eat to much guacamole and its now encompassed their brains ! cut off the guaca . 
"i love junmyeon in pink king of peach . 
"what's the academic term i'm looking for for this? "bananas!!" . 
"i'm giving away something for you on user giant noble spinach seeds fresh for 2017 . get it here - . 
"rt user "i'm not a partridge in a pear tree kind of girl." from big on christmas! . 
"rt user listen to you and me (prod. drystan) by peach np on soundcloud . 
"user benny the aflecktion has been lookin the mirror too long ! even in the movie pear harbor he could' . 
"rt user instantpot gluten-free ham and pineapple rice recipe . . 
"resistance cocktail: 2 parts peach-mint schnapps; 4 parts duty-to-warn; chase with kitten pics! " 
"rt user the awesome health benefits of grapes. about what grapes can do for your health &amp; how it can fig" 
"user user because of you telling me about this pineapple business i am very careful how i shop for produce now" 
"going bananas for yoga | dailyme episode 057 watch now on youtube: . . 
"not just tofu. cleveland tofu. . 
"rt user im going to user ill be the one with the pineapple upside down in my cart" 
"remember, it's the last day of the fairfield county fair! get your fill of candy apples, carnival games, &amp; rides while you still can!" 
"can magic mushrooms 'reset' depressed brain? - user user . depression . 
"5. i don't give a fuck 6. i don't want anyone dead ffs this can be ended with some celery." 
"rt user shes allowed to say faggot . 
"ready for some fall food?! this fits the bill. kale, cauliflower, and sausage casserole . . 
"i don't think 'would an attractive person early morning hot take i pray every time favorite song broccoli by the best release" 
"rt user listen to 1. peach ciroc (prod. sean starks &amp; greg owens) by kent np on soundcloud . 
"user sour grapes" 
"in order to make this challenge... they had to learn the original lettuce lyrics. they listened everyday. ctfu . 
"rt user is this a couch potato? no, its namejiro, the cannibalistic mushroom mascot of the lets eat more mushrooms proj " 
"user well, now, that's just a cherry of hypocrisy on top of a shit-ton of hypocrisy in a big ass waffle-cone of h . 
"i want my steak and broccoli cheddar soup i have a meal ticket rawr" 
"user user user i'm into a little epl, drinks and breakfast one of these days. especially . 
". nice vehicles,but people i don't know are always raving about mine;lincoln mkz, '17, black cherry.all others pale!" 
"our home girl rihanna knows what's up today, since we have that cake, cake, cake (bday cake that is). we also have turtle &amp; cherry vanilla!" 
"im trying to drink the fruity drinks out of the pineapple at the parade and my friends are sleep" 
"summer grilled corn and tomato fettuccine recipe . cooking grill grilling recipes read more" 
"the wildlife part of this mornings program is over and now on to the cooking segment. brisket going in for a 8 hr s . 
"this is dangerous . 
"user user round to the round ... pineapple slice in a donut ! count to the mogul !" 
"ive been saying for years. caking makeup on these talking heads that is mostly lead and psychedelic mushrooms was . 
"user i hate avocado so, so much. avocado and guacamole and anything else having avocado in it, keep it away from me lol." 
"mindy often eats baby carrots as a light snack." 
"user apple, peach, melons, oragnge, citrusssss" 
"rt user new story: fighting irish football team make it 14 in a row keeping the irish-knight on cherry street gofargoirish ht" 
"user nothing better than homegrown tomatoes with bacon, lettuce on toasted wheat bread, we are so fortunate." 
"thanks! it is! user . 
"rt user not sure what to cook with a bag of lentils? user has you covered with 20 tasty recipes: " 
"thanks! . 
"the black eyed peas - i gotta feeling . via user 
"rt user seafood saut | shrimp | octopus | jefferson red rice | plum | radish | roasted pepper &amp; turnip . 
"ps -- did y'all notice? we changed our name to reflect the bounty of fall produce this week at market: apples, potatoes, pumpkins, nuts!" 
"rt user chow line: apples to peel or not to peel? | cfaes . 
"i have smoked cigarettes since my junior year &amp; i finally quit (cold turkey).. and i literally never thought i would &amp; im so proud of myself" 
"rt user new mystery by user a case of sour grapes. . artknb . 
"learn all about the traditions and happenings of autumn on a hike 3 p.m. oct. 22 at plum creek north. ages 7+." 
"user my biggest regret is the time i thought your mangos were apples" 
"i cant decide if i miss my blonde hair or peach hair more/which color wig i should get" 
"who's getting apples today at richard bros fruit farm? check out my new listing right by the orchards . 
"rt user happy saturday! we're headed to columbus academy at 4300 cherry bottom rd in gahanna from 12-2pm and the " 
"bacon cheeseburgers and crispypotatoes . . 
"try these little cakes of moist dense cake w/ a cherry surprise. white cherry cupcake w/ butter frosting&gt; . 
"baby white eggplant and flowers. . 
"rt user sea potatoes-not so tasty with cheese &amp; beans but commonly found buried in sandy beaches around the uk, related to " 
"user your hatred for pineapple pizza speaks to my soul because pineapple on pizza is an abomination. " 
"rt user a freckled broccoli bnha . 
"as one does... . 
"the earth is pear shaped" 
"user seems like you should have this information today. . 
"rt user learn all about the traditions and happenings of autumn on a hike 3 p.m. oct. 22 at plum creek north. ages 7+." 
" hole foods . . : the dirty bagel grilled turkey, bacon herb cream cheese, smoked . 
"look at my peach lol . 
"perpetual apples wooden calendar / unique gift for teacher / . via user 
"rt user vegan biscuits &amp; country gravy and breakfast potatoes w spinach avocado tomato black bean corn salsa &amp; jalapeo yep http" 
"lentils (and legumes) are a great non-meat source of protein. gottahaveit . . 
"rt user why should we buy apples from washington when we could get them from the hirsch fruit farm in chillicothe?" 
"rt user yummy vegan breakfast! tofu kale scramble with dallop of country gravy. no animal cruelty in this dish! so good! http:/" 
""an apple a day keeps the doctor away." or a pear, or an orange or a peach. what fruits do you love to eat? . 
"apples apples apples... . 
"shawty she act like a virgin to you, to me that lil bit go bananas. " 
"cherry pie massacre pienuts! newflavor poisonberrybakery vegandonuts vegancoffeeshop . 
"creamy potatoes with cheese and tomatoes . 
"user nope, maraschino cherry. usually we use candied cherries (not as sweet) but apparently they only se . 
"rt user cherry picking an example is never smart. talent and discipline are not the only variables. all of history? discipl " 
"apple butter time! getting the good local apples! (@ hollmeyer's orchards in cincinnati, oh) . 
"i don't eat meat so can i just cop double sides? . 
"nuff said!! . 
"rt user amadeus, the motzart of broccoli. hazelfieldfarm broccoli douglassloopfarmersmarket . 
"user i do like the mushrooms .. too lol but the kitty pencil stuck out is all lol" 
"user sounds like a plan. the b.l supposedly throws some cherry flavors, so i might end up with a cherry b . 
"i desperately need to lose 30 lbs. starting with our weekly pizza night. anyone have great recipes for cauliflower crust pizza?" 
"mushrooms grow from an old stump and i would go spelunking. @ bowling green, ohio . 
"rt user gorgeous transgirl kylie maria shows bigcock in cherry panties . shemale tranny tgirl " 
"rt user its a fucking tesseract you swine. . 
"what tops a tilapia taco w/ pineapple-mango salsa better than user calypso hot sauce? heatandflavor . 
"my life would be so much easier if i just liked sauted mushrooms" 
"nutritiontip: important amino acids are found in apricots, carrots, celery and grapefruits . 
"sweet potatoes sophie . 
"dang user cant even get fresh guacamole to start the day.... . 
"breakfast egg over easy potatoes diced, sausage or ham. my blog breakfast any oneat theupscalekitchen and fb . 
"rt user 10 reasons why pears are totally better than apples recipes from the kitchn . . 
""come on senpai, would you please stop growing mushrooms in other people's closets?" haruhi fujioka to me" 
"do you know who your competition is? do you want to be just another red tomato? differentisbetter . 
"oh hey - a sale on potatoes. ffxiv . 
"rt user new york was bananas! see you tonight, boston inthewind boston : user . 
"looking for eggplant recipes? check out this recipe from user (a platinum plate user . 
"a friend and fellow survivor in cherry hill is looking for a ride to the show tomorrow night. if you're going her... . 
"my sweetie wanted a selfie so i sent him this one after i got apples at the farm market. sweetie+farm market=all th . 
"rt user enjoy buffalo, sweet-chili bbq, or roasted garlic teriyaki jumbo chickenwings, served w/ celery &amp; carrot sticks an " 
"magic mushrooms reset the brains of people with depression newsweek . 
"hb1866 [new] designating a bridge on that portion of state route 954 over the north branch of plum creek, south m... . 
"rt user only carrots (judy hopps to you) is meeting with guests user not me? im too busy with a different hustle today." 
"user looks like it has bananas in them. " 
"the best guacamole. check out the whole blog at . 
"user lemme know when youre ready for the big leagues, and i can teach you a thing or two with a grapefruit" 
"rt user today in history: emperor claudius dies after eating poisoned mushrooms. nero succeeds him as emperor. (54 ce) otd ht" 
"might try my cherry stout tonight..." 
"android the co-ops got bananas: a memoir of growing up in the post-war north . . 
"seared black seabass with roasted kabocha squash, spinach and coconut saffron cream . 
"one of our new menu items tonight. cedarplanksalmon with french green lentils, crispy kale, wood roasted butternut . 
"user get an actual priest bless the shittake mushrooms out of that house" 
"pear, blue cheese, &amp; walnut flatbread on martin's party potato rolls! . . 
"user user young ham and cheese footlong sub with lettuce mayo oil n vinegar peppers.. or young footlong for short i guess." 
"rt user fort cherry senior gives lesson in making the best of a bad situation . newsor . 
"rt user tofu is an all-time favorite for japanese. even for monsters, too? . ndldigital . 
"is this something anyone would actually want? . 
"mushrooms are my spirit vegetable @ chatham university eden hall farm . 
"user user user user the main difference between apples and cakes, other than fibe . 
"new fall entre in 1862. baby red beets, red cabbage, smoked sturgeon, winter radish &amp; pastrami. theartofplating . 
"nothing beats an heirloom tomato fresh from the garden on toasted homemade bread with a little spread of mayo. bec . 
"been dreaming all day about my user for dinner and they gave me tofu instead of chicken honeygrow" 
"halloween is coming and we've got the trick to ward off vampires and bad dates!!! spicy broccoli loaded with garlic . 
". "catch sonoma grapes" ***fire hot blazing sale*** " 
"user user comparing health srvs to supermarket? cancer treatment to broccoli? a broken leg set/c . 
"rt user . "catch sonoma grapes" ***fire hot blazing sale*** " 
"friday dinner specials! braised pork shank w/ mole poblano sauce, roasted potatoes and asparagus...blackened... . 
"user no meat. just pasta, sauce, and spinach." 
"user gotta watch that lettuce......" 
"rt user there is no such thing as gm lettuce, but that hasn't stopped living fresh from labeling its bibb lettuce non-gmo: " 
"rt user pineapple juice shirts and hoodies now available! . . 
"rt user world-building: from imagination to reality - guest post by, diana peach... . via user 
"user sounds like a bad weekend to be a peach twisted tea" 
"an lae inniu hit hip hop agus rap youtube video in irinn.the black eyed peas's let's get it started (spike mix) . 
"join the bayada team! see our latest job opening here: . healthcare plum, pa hiring careerarc" 
"user cafateria workers at east are amazing and friendly! i love the wraps and the baked apples! yummm! basdpride" 
"dagens slog hip hop och rap youtube video i sverige.the black eyed peas's pump it . 
"rt user wedding decor . wedding bridal etsymntt etsyseller handmade . 
"you're a monster. . 
"bol made a song about oranges another one made a name off hijacking bars &amp; flipping them. you on their top???? i gotta level up" 
"this may actually be the best thing i've ever eaten. broccoli &amp;tomato salad-arugula, pickled red onion, basil toast . 
"user no asshole...what is "nuclear grade bananas" is democrats belief that they did not have to follow the constitution." 
"when your meatloaf game is always on point and you need to make a hybrid version of your current sandwich infused w . 
"rt user are you a peach or a coconut? asked user . 
"cremini mushroom chicken pasta with broccoli rabe and creamy mushroom sauce! . . . winedown . 
"trying to distract myself from the horrific reality of daily life by learning about edible wild mushrooms" 
"onion tomato soup makes a delicious fallmeal . . 
"printable stationery . pineapple cards . greeting cards . note . 
"rt user internet: some reaaaal bad takes out there this morning, you have what it takes to top them? apple: hold my beer " 
"ill have the poke salad and a vat of ice cream. . 
"user bananas idea, i know" 
"food recipes onion tomato soup makes a delicious fall meal . via user 
"cooking potatoes is always tricky cause i like them overly crispy" 
"pineapple winter collection in collaboration with andre rucker. now available for licensing via user . 
"user apples movie ends with matalica st anger so you wont win apples film is better" 
"so much needless handwringing here. 1/ . 
"stickley furniture solid cherry executive desk . . 
"saturdaybrunchspecial at charlottes trove cafe is bananas foster french toast. open . 
"classical music is fucking beautiful. unlike you, cabbage ass motherfucker." 
"brilliant. diversity openminded progress hope thankyou . 
"dagens hit hip hop rap youtube i danmark.the black eyed peas's my humps . 
"user we read possum magic and made food that we would eat to make us visible again.they made apples, cinnabons . 
"strawberry, banana, watermelon, pineapple, peach tea &amp; maca root. . 
"rt user group facetime shatter proof screens longer battery life we didn't ask for a weak ass grandma and dykes... . 
"drinking a w6 apricot gose by user at user . 
"user lettuce c" 
"saw beefsteak tomatoes at aldi today and had to enjoy one last time eating tomato sandwiches this season. yum! . 
"was given chicken nuggets and pizza. would rather eat carrots and hummus . 
"user delicious carrots. i think thats what these are supposed to be . 
"rt user so far, sweet potatoes haven't been the most exciting thing for ya lun and xi lun ... . " 
"my therapist: did u practice seeking emotional support from other ppl me: well i cried into the sea and ate cabbage" 
"black eyed peas are better than the black eyed peas" 
"rt user 10 apples up on top stem challenge! . 
"user user now they're pink and white. or peach" 
"boyfriend of the year fuxking piece of shit ruined my minis peach pallette and vacation pallette u clearly see in t . 
" purple calabash tomato, taste test and tomato review tomato: . via user 
""girl on lsd" - tom petty (1994) . psilocybin in magic mushrooms reboots brain for depression . 
"user i'm tryna get eggplant lmao" 
"rt user making meatloaf for dinner is paradise by the oven-door light . . 
"apples black vp of diversity believes a roomful of white men qualifies as diversity . 
"the low carb diabetic: chicken casserole : slow cooker recipe . 
"i have on a nice white shirt today and it now has a stain because bae thought it was cool to throw cauliflower at me" 
"music on sophisticated ape radio the shart by the little lettuce heads rock blues jazz weird world . 
"iwasmindblownwhen i found out a tomato was a fruit" 
"ribs, crispy sweet potatoes, and erasto's slaw from user . 
"made some british food for my friend user sirloin steak with garlic mashed potatoes, . 
"i feel mortivated . 
"rt user .user returns to the beard house on 10/5 with her signature roast duck, plum tart with truffles, and more! ti " 
"user user if i took apples logo and put it on my gb does that make it mine?" 
"i should've made some cabbage...i want some cabbage" 
"homemade turkey burger with crumbled blue cheese, onions, mushrooms and sauted spinach. . 
"congrats george! user tuition winner at user cherry on . 
"rt user same . 
"vegan spicy roasted cauliflower w/ tahini sriracha drizzle adapted from user . 
"special tonight roastchicken breast, spaghetti squash, pancetta, oyster mushrooms, parmesan . 
"hoje bateu hip hop e rap vdeo em portugal.the black eyed peas's where is the love? . 
"rt user user sounds like a bad weekend to be a peach twisted tea" 
"rt user this cookout gon have grapes in the potato salad so i know it's not the place for me . 
"i missed all of depression cherry bc of this handlebar mustache mother fugger" 
"for a porter this is tasty. great plum. solid beer... (sat in a corner plum porter) . photo" 
"rt user homemade turkey burger with crumbled blue cheese, onions, mushrooms and sauted spinach. . 
"plum up 28-6 8:26 remaining in the half . 
"user user a potential breakthrough for helping with depression...magic mushrooms. . 
"user user user thanks pineapple" 
"jamaican curry goat, rice n beans, and cabbage . 
"rt user just read 1194 pages of lettuce" 
"rt user look at you trying to get snatched up. . 
"a healthy dinner of brown rice with tofu, mushrooms, and korean bbq sauce: . 
"rt user black pearl necklace gifts for her under 50 dollars strand of black pear . jetteam etsymntt ht" 
"funk forward with spicy grapefruit. nice change of pace beer if you... (calabaza boreal) . photo" 
"user user cherry scones. may make some with cinnamon. heard they are lovely " 
"rt user taseer jones gets a plum spot after good effort. i don't think so, but it is a first down. . 
"user meatloaf is the greatest of the meats . 
"crock pot cream cheese chicken ingredients 3 lbs of chicken pieces 1 (2/3ounce) package italian salad dressing... . 
"these carrots are even tastier when you use sabrosa gourmet manzanilla olive oil and sabrosa gourmet 18 year... . 
"this game is bananas. two plays after getting a pick, mackenzie scores on a 1 yd keeper and weiser leads 27-21. berksgameday" 
"user user user and when you come up for cmn next summer... you still won't be any c . 
"rt user this game is bananas. two plays after getting a pick, mackenzie scores on a 1 yd keeper and weiser leads 27-21. berksgam" 
"update: finally got mashed potatoes . 
"wpial 2q scores: north allegheny 7, seneca valley 7; neshannock 14, south side 7; plum 34, connellsville 6 tribhssn wpial" 
"this kid is too nasty!!! college coaches don't sleep . 
"you do like broccoli? you will once you read this new study about the green veggie's health benefits: . 
"i really want some peach rings rn !" 
"what's for dinner tonight? it's my homemade chicken macaroni salad. made from fresh rotisserie . 
"tonight we start off our delectable emporium night with hand crafted witches apples. these super sized honey... . 
"user user they're great on pizza, especially pineapple pizza." 
"user beef and broccoli with fried rice." 
"pizza boy peach around is on, replacing pizza boy hopvision - rakau" 
"corrado scores! shot from near the blue line bounces off lyon and in. 3-0 at 7:53. simon and johnson with the apples" 
"cherry swag . 
"was just saying to myself that i needed to find some dinner and then i randomly got blessed with an entire pan of r . 
"half: carmichaels 28, jeff-morgan 0 west greene 41, monessen 0 fort cherry 42, mapletown 0 waynesburg 7, bentworth 7 wpial user 
"we were there. this plate is delicious! . 
"user young chicken salad sandwich" 
"the chicken can go . 
"so this is the first time ive really gotten chinese food and im blown away by how unnecessarily massive my rice and broccoli sides are" 
"reposting user yassssss!!!! healthy is not only sexy but yummy too quinoa, kale, and pear salad whi . 
"instant pot candied sweet potatoes . via user 
"over 100 scents listed at website golden pineapple luau bathbodyworks fragrance mist body cream and shower gel . 
"rt user cherry swag . 
"user i like it moderately, i like it on celery." 
"easy broccoli salad with bacon and cauliflower . via user 
"today's hit hip hop youtube in new zealand.the black eyed peas's where is the love . 
"vegetable soup is what we will be serving this weekend at breathless. all organic and vegan . 
"i made stuffed chicken breast with cheese broccoli &amp; shrimps inside &amp; rice on the side my shit lit " 
"rt user sweeps alert! enter to win 1 of 6 prize packs from . kitchen prize packs valued at over $10 " 
"user humph - i never knew! i guess they are going to say there are oranges in oj!" 
"rt user japan japantravel travel take a bus tour or cruise with japanican for the best cherry blossom and... " 
"fridaynightfeast ribeye w/mushrooms, garlic parmesan pierogies, lentils/peas/broccoli/edamame user . 
"thanks for the suggestion the woodlands at phillips- fresh phillips mushrooms! . 
"rt user peach cinnamon oatmeal cheesecake bars! peaches, cinnamon, cheesecake and oatmeal cookie! yum! " 
"doing a twist on my usual fave, eggplant parm. lol! . 
"i also made the mistake of telling my mom user had an eggplant that needed cooking and now she keeps shouting suggestions at me." 
"what the..... . 
"ill never look at grapefruit the same way again girlstrip" 
"full of potatoes, cheese, vodka, &amp; caffeine. the 4 food groups user 
"rt user fries are just potatoes that went through puberty." 
"rt user pizza boy peach around is on, replacing pizza boy hopvision - rakau" 
"user the wedding arch! the morel mushrooms! the mugs hanging! that toddlers hair!!! i can't breathe." 
"rt user stackablerings stackables stackable rings from apples of gold jewelry jewelry - . . 
"rt user gud nite, frends. remember, broccoli is gud for you and cigarettes are not. . 
"we wish we had a photo of the rich, caramelized bananas foster sauce that went on the pancakes today, but we... . 
"blooming glen farm will be bringing a bounty of broccoli and cauliflower to the market tomorrow along with three... . 
"judge is going to go bananas this series. not swingin at evrything. now if this ump can realizes his strkezne is 4"in to lw on a 6'7 monster" 
"let's add sprinkles: twinkle light season/ a tomato cage tree . 
"check out these beauties coming to market tomorrow! mushrooms beautifulfood . 
"b just called to ask why my favorite brand of peach tea was so he could get some for his house for when i'm there. my heart" 
"wpial final: fort cherry 42, mapletown 0 tribhssn wpial" 
"your guide to plum-oakmont and nearby open houses . 
"user doing scoopski potatoes is probably the funniest episode ever on user 
"final: carmichaels 41, jeff-morgan 7 west greene 48, monessen 16 fort cherry 42, mapletown 0 wpial user 
"user what does columbus smell like? garbage? rotten bananas? just been wondering" 
"all because obama was a black president and trump cant stomach that so he is obsessed with destroying os legacy f . 
"i just love that peach! . 
"made myself a peach martini. soooo good." 
"rt user this is a fort cherry twitter page. all rangers are welcome. . 
"today's fitness in uk.the black eyed peas's don't stop the party (radio edit version) . 
"carrots after dark . 
"carrots before dark . 
"plum bob" 
"final: fort cherry 42 mapletown 0 hssports" 
"rt user lightened up broccoli pasta salad tell me more, user . . 
"i liked a user video . mario + rabbids kingdom battle: rabbid peach accolade trailer" 
"user user user so jacob i have to ask, does donald eat pineapple?" 
"rt user cheesy broccoli, chicken and rice stuffed peppers -- i can see having this for dinner or for a fun game day appeti " 
"user a majority of the rangers are good.... unfortunately our coach is a stupid-ass piece of shit trash fire god . 
"i love my glow user peach goddess . 
"user thanks! tomato pizza with mozerella sticks! . 
"so i took a photo of my dinner, or at least i thought i did. almond crusted chicken nuggets and a big salad. whole30 day11 kicksugarsass" 
"rt user plum up 28-6 8:26 remaining in the half . 
"wait the eggplant emoji is never used? i see that all the time." 
"at a bar alone 2.0: eating grilled cheese &amp; tomato bisque, drinking glass of wine &amp; watching baseball. get you a girl who can do both." 
"i ate too much pineapple " 
"one time i farted next to the hottest girl in the 10th grade and it smelled like rancid peas wow that feels good to get off my chest g'night" 
"rt user it wouldn't be homecoming without a cherry on pep rally! oh and did we mention user stopped by? . 
"green bananas are the best" 
"rt user a view of the cherry blossoms across the tidal basin . dc photo" 
"rt user [live] peach-a-thon is about to hit 9 hrs! we're going to check out the new overwatch halloween skins! come say hi! https" 
"it might be time for a reset . 
"rt user "end to health care subsidies puts congress in a tight spot" by thomas kaplan and robert pear via nyt the new york http" 
"[center city] togetic (m) (iv: 55% - cp: 845) until 10:33:33pm at 1808-1864 cherry st . . 
"user gads! mushrooms ggeessh are we going backwards in time??" 
"pork chops &amp; mashed potatoes with maple-stewed collard greens blueapron . 
"witches i still have apples if anyone is a wanting!! . 
"rt user hope when im buried i burst out of my coffin and glide through the ground catching raw potatoes in my gullet like kri" 
"tho' any fashion of banking, exceptionally of the cabbage-loaning identify, has been in world in bharat owing to antediluvian..." 
"**woman standing in line to get donuts** i didnt want to get that juice because its basically all apples &amp; thats too much sugar. " 
"way more then a few my friend . 
"this lady cannot pass up a mimosa bar! i recommend the mixed fruit pure with pineapple juice. user . 
"bethenny frankel puts on eye-popping display in peach at amfar gala . via . 
"user user user true that. trump and harvey are 2 peas in a pod" 
"why tomato juice tastes better on an airplane . . 
"craving lasagna or meatloaf " 
"the simple life! ivana trump dons a tracksuit to buy bananas . via . 
"i farted in the shower and it stunk so bad it smelled like sour steamed broccoli." 
"even more reasons to eat apples! user healthyliving . 
"saturday: reg. smoked turkey sandwich, mac &amp; cheese &amp; 16 oz. drink fr only $4.99. our sliced turkey comes from a ... . 
"yallllll idr last night at all and how is there mashed potatoes in my hair " 
"rt user amac fox news likes to treat its viewers like mushrooms; feed them shit &amp; keep them in the dark. foxoff . 
"rt user way more then a few my friend . 
"rt user miranda that dip ain't guacamole anymore!" 
"lunch crew at escoc fall family retreat. ham and cheese sandwich with lettuce and tomato, chips, apples with toffee dip and baby carrots." 
"user it's the broccoli" 
"featured flavors: chai, pumpkin, sea salt with english toffee, strawberry (v), grapefruit (v) and chocolate... . 
"rt user 1981, *me her hair smells of gee your hair smell terrific shampoo. she slips into perfectly fitting levi's. she app " 
"hiragana breaker at the 2017 nashville cherry blossom festival! . 
"homemade peach cobbler cinnamon rolls! best picture i could get b4 the kids started crying for . 
"rt user having trouble falling asleep? try consuming tart cherry juice to help increase your melatonin levels. . 
"nestle laffy taffy sexy slinky tube dress cherry pink teen 4-10 adult | ebay dress . . 
"guess it gone be a southern peach kind of day. wheres jack.? user user 
"swap iceberg lettuce with rawspinach. rich with nutrients, it's a salad game changer! . 
"rt user get my phone number for free on sextpanther! let's get naughty . . 
"rt user bbq shrimp with crispy pork and saffron rice cake, sauted spinach, caramelized onions and shredded green onion user " 
"[healthy recipe] creamy pumpkin soup with grilled cheese croutons - . . 
"i..dont..like your celery stalk." 
"user user mirror mirror on the wall who is the most delicious southern peach of them all?" 
"new thai tuna lettuce wraps + spicy ginger carrot cucumber pickle - . 
"build your dream home on this cul-de-sac lot in the highly desirable cherry grove. the community is walking... . 
"rt user for most people, weekends are for relaxing. for hecklers, weekends are for rotten tomato shopping and complaining about" 
"rt user new cherry earrings available now! amazonprime freeshipping etsymntt pottiteam handmade fashion jewelry " 
"user holy shit strawberries and apples" 
"user user shakespeare said it so much better. ) howtrumpsolvesacrisis ...fired this rotten . 
"for my health, i am giving up pina coladas. from now on, i will stick to pineapple coconut smoothies with lots of rum." 
"remember to add some greens to every meal. spinach is one of the most nutrient packed foods on the planet! . 
"rt user cherry red lykan hypersport . 
"drinking a cherry on my wayward sour by user @ tennessee valley brewing company . photo" 
"rt user lettuce sea . 
"wine tasting on the niagara on the lake region. grabbed some grapes right off the vine. . 
"the top anti-inflammatory foods are these: broccoli salmon blueberries ginger walnuts olive oil garlic anyone... . 
"it was a solid '90s mix: tlc, alanis, tal bachman... . 
"get my delicious fried peach dessert pizza recipe here: . . 
"whatsfordinner? shepherd's pie, sizzled green beans, roasted cauliflower and banana pudding . . 
"user maangchi da beeeest!! i make braised tofu all the time" 
"rt user user dude! it came in. the cherry limeade is bomb. def worth trying if you like cherry limeade" 
"so many doctors will tell people with thyroid disease to avoid cruciferous vegetables, such as kale, broccoli and . 
"user user user user i wanna be mad but ima real football guy before a fan and yals offens . 
"user on a pineapple upside down cake!!!" 
"rt user barbie dolls dont give unrealistic expectations for girls, but mr potato heads give unrealistic expectations for potato" 
"user user user user yeah, the drinks are definitely the best thing there. cherry . 
"latest small project finishing up. a mash paddle for homebrewing. made from brazilian cherry . 
"15-minute recipe: tomato-watermelon salad with feta, olives and pistachios - wsj . 
"user 4 months we started with sweet potatoes slowly after our doctor said we should." 
"rt user wondering about effects of ca wildfires on grapes/wine? no hysteria, just science. . 
"user those potatoes sound good! we make some kind of similar to that, but we don't put them in the microwave to start with." 
"rt user user user are white people the ones who wanna ban muslims because of a few bad apples lmao" 
"playing bass for the black apples tonight in nashville at the downtown fond object. we go on at 8, come chill!" 
"this actually makes me want to chow down some beets and spinach just to see my milk change colors...how marvelous... . 
"user fav recipe: 1. drive my happy ass to cracker barrel 2. order that meatloaf dinner with three country sides 3. thrive" 
"0ct 14 1958 born thomasdolby, cairo egypt(lea thompson&amp;the cherry bombs w/thomas dolby- howard the duck . via user 
"nice and tart. lots of apricot. - drinking a daybreak haze apricot by user - . 
"*guacamole. fixed it. . 
"rt user please rt! thermomix recipe pflaumen knodel (plum dumplings) in thermomix . . 
"user young sweet potatoes." 
"[greater east end] hitmonchan (m) (iv: 20% - cp: 569) until 11:37:10pm at 2926 plum creek ln . . 
"any word on oprah's potatoes yet? user 
"new vans old skool skate shoe mono canvas peach blush womens shoe . 
"wow what . 
"rt user birds of a feather . 
"no fuck you and fuck pineapples on pizza . 
"user user steve your talking apples and oranges" 
"user how often do you yell at your mom to bring you meatloaf?" 
"that place going bananas if they overturn it" 
"rt user be gentle bobbing for her apples .. halloweensexadvice" 
"my family has mango and grapefruit trees but unfortunately i dont like grapefruit and the past summer the mango tree didnt bear any fruit" 
"rt user this nigga wayne went so bananas on this lol . 
"rt user feed me tacos &amp; guacamole &amp; tell me you love me" 
"user so.. tomato sauce ..?" 
"rt user user i guacamole because it adds color to every meal, is a delicious &amp; creamy "superfood" &amp; packed full o " 
"user ...and the orangatan is probably smarter. it's a zoo daycare in the wh. just a question. do you like bananas or termites?" 
"why my son decided to take his shoes off in the truck...smelling like spoiled meatloaf gravy... i dont know" 
"if you haven't logged onto facebook for awhile, judy ann ross from 10th grade algebra is enjoying a chicken salad sandwich right now." 
"im sitting in my kitchen, alone, in the dark eating mashed potatoes" 
"more love brought to you by markrobbinsnetwork joinus - (user -one pot creamy chicken and broccoli pasta . 
"get me some mangos, pitted dates and a pineapple please . 
"user user you probably put pineapple on pizza you monster" 
"i just want a fat steak with mashed potatoes and rolls, sheesh." 
"halloweensexadvice don't try any clever bobbing for apples trick this year, that shit will get bit off." 
"rt user lettuce sea. im weakkkk" 
"user lmaoo a nigga be playing that broccoli beat with it " 
"sweet pepper chicken with ditali pasta &amp; spinach blueapron mealprep . 
"rt user user lmaoo a nigga be playing that broccoli beat with it " 
"rt user the devil's lettuce is not a medicinal herb." 
"user user not at all, youre making a completely different argument, apples to my oranges." 
"peach ciroc &amp; pineapple juice " 
"literally me and my mom when she forced me to eat lettuce lmao . 
"rt user an ann a day keeps the bad vibes away!! day 8!! today's ann brought to you by tomato cheeks!! . 
"i miss this place . 
"user this makes peach look top 15, oh wait" 
"rt user plankton eats holographic meatloaf for dinner because holograms are projections of light and plankton gain energy t " 
"user user oh, all those times. so is this data straight out fabricated, or just cherry picked?" 
"tfw the doc says no more food &amp; water &amp; you start craving the wildest things. fffuck, id kill for pretzel sticks &amp; mushrooms off pizza" 
"i'm seriously craving apples and clementines, this is not a drill" 
"rt user haters gonna hate! potatoes gonna potate! (:" 
"rt user people out here fr not liking sweet potatoes? lol wild" 
"hey, i never asked you. do you like guacamole?" 
"user user joking about saying that is definitively a yam but they're not the same . 
"rt user its 8:49 pm and pineapple still belongs on pizza" 
"rt user do you like bananas?" 
"sounds about right . 
"user say you have a tomato but a preacher wants to know if you like showtunes. the parrot can whistle but . 
"rt user newborn white babies look like some mf sweet potatoes " 
"young romaine lettuce . 
"rt user user okay i was gonna keep quiet but my frnd said something abt exolusa but she went bananas on me n others e " 
"oh and then this mans like "tomato sooup" tf ??!" 
"mystery solved on how a talentless actress has been getting plum roles &amp; even won an oscar. castingcouch . 
"rt user easy pumpkin soup recipe . 
"rt user 11:54 pm and i can confirm this still holds true . 
"happy birthday broccoli boy ily to the moon and back have the bestest day everrrrr !!! user 
"rt user .user w/ recipes for her signature cheesesteak nachos &amp; loaded baked potatoes! perfect for football fans " 
"rt user today, were harvesting huge celery stalks, cabbage that's ready, and potatoes. and coriander . 
"bro this has me fucking dead lmaoooo . 
"rt user ddg "lettuce" ft famous dex// reaction user . subscribe mmmafia" 
"cover your dick in celery salt and go fuck yourself. . 
"when i was little i used to put bananas in my pb&amp;js because i read that elvis did that" 
"user u gon cut the pineapple for us" 
"just made my brother candy apples..i need a boo i can spoil/feed " 
"plantains foreverrrrrrrrr . 
"listen i already know what dis mouf do but im tryna make it tie a cherry stem once and for all" 
"rt user and st. ives apricot scrub . 
"rt user cut throat user user ebony dipbrow, mondern renaissance, stick foundation and peach fizz liquid gl " 
"user my mexican ancestors did not die for these texans to put black beans, rice, lime, sour cream, and cilantro on everything." 
"the liberty cap: roman slavery, revolution, and magic mushrooms | oxfordwords blog . 
"pear cut engagement rings have a special place in my heart oh my goodness" 
"user how you like a place that has a option to replace the buns with lettuce??" 
"user you and eminem are like peas in a pod ..both lacking brain cells when it comes to potus trump! get used to it; got 7 more years" 
"rt user please rt!! recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe the best low-carb and gluten-free eggplant " 
"southwest division responding to 'daef-dist armed encounter foot' at 5500 blk plum grove ln | beat 431 | . | 00:23" 
"jason m. is drinking a pineapple! pineapple! pineapple! at liberty station (4.5/5 stars) . 
"fuck peach from mario kart" 
"ready to wash this stress down w pineapple amsterdam" 
"rt user user user chucks of tomato sauce!!! hahaha stephs loved it!!!!! don't front! " 
"my boyfriend looks so cute with his pineapple shirt " 
"i get more shit for my mango pineapple water than i did for smoking" 
"rt user she's a peach . 
"there's nothing better in this world than sweet corn on mashed potatoes hallelujer" 
"cherry just saw that other side of me in the worst possible way and i feel like an "i'm sorry" will never be good enough for what happened" 
"rt user naked intruder, 63, is found eating a can of pineapple in a florida home . 
"im really cooking grilled shrimps loaded mash potatoes and corn at damn near 1 in the morning " 
"rt user everyone will love these vegan crispy cauliflower nuggets . 
"rt user greens, apple, celery, sage, &amp; mint green flower petals, rose petals, table decor . etsymntt " 
"my attempt at cauliflower bread. healthyfood @ austin, texas . 
"how do you wear fancy clothes n shit and not like broccoli??? how do those correlate?" 
"nw: pineapple express" 
"rt user how do you wear fancy clothes n shit and not like broccoli??? how do those correlate?" 
"look all i'm saying is my safe word is pineapple juice now" 
"so i bought this smelly pencil and boy. i wish those existed when i was a kid. it has nemo on it and smells like oranges" 
"i can't wait any longer . 
"rt user i be putting limn y sal on everything.... lechuga, carrots, pepino, bean sprouts, radish, dick" 
"and eat this tofu fried rice i made earlier" 
"rt nbc6news "this peach makes it back into the ocean safely after swallowing a 4 ft. fishing line. . 
"every day im rolling all that broccoli" 
"someone bring me some caramel apples, please and thank you" 
"rt user the apples are back on an eternal track falling from the tree and adam learns to see adam loved all nature a better " 
"its almost time for them beans, greens, potatoes, tomatoes chicken, turkeys younameit" 
"user love it! roasted garlic or red pepper hummus with pita chips or carrots/tomato/cucumber " 
"this delicious sweet and spicy pulled pork is fall-apart tender. chicken gizzard salad the combination of sweet cherries and dark brown..." 
"rt user grocery store is sold out of la croix, coconut water &amp; bananas (and i'm pissed off about it). welcometokona triathlete" 
"user broccoli rob says no" 
"rt user we stopped in huntsville, tx and ate at potato shack. over 30 plus potatoes . 
"grapefruit one of mine . 
"rt user user we at the table taking naps trying to eat black eyed peas . 
"i just ate 4 pounds of crawfish with 3 potatoes and two corns and im hungry again" 
"user boy what i swear when you wake up some of the black eyed peas be on yo plate bc i snuck them on there" 
"now playing broccoli ft. lil yachty (official music video) by big baby d.r.a.m. to tune in visit . 
"user marlon just said he wants to team w/ leroy, but he doesnt want to work with bananas at all, so he would work w/ the outsiders" 
"holy moly guacamole im so happy without you . 
"just take your "veggie platter" of only carrots and no dip and go, karen." 
"user sameeee, i loved the whole anime plus, the intro song is from akg's "re:re:" which was the cherry . 
""isn't it nuts that pickles were cucumbers?" mushrooms broadcity . 
"user lmao i saw that first peach" 
" review "anyone who likes a good mystery and several good laughs will enjoy it." a case of sour grapes . cr4u" 
"rt user old-time american desserts - pineapple cake recipes . comfortfood" 
"user i don't like alot of things xd like pineapple on pizza???" 
"rt user cherry . 
"it's like acl purposely doesnt sell oranges or orange juice smh y'all dropped the ball there" 
"rt user croissantfriday is here. pain au chocolat, butter, pear &amp; chocolate, peach &amp; brie, ham &amp; cheese, and more! stop by " 
"lettuce pray! . 
"rt user ignorant, hateful, faker...exposed and badly burned by trump and now spewing vile nonsense...goodbye to bad garbage " 
"sweet peach tea &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;" 
"me with bananas tbh lmfao . 
"user you drink a kale and avocado shake in the morning! u telling me that u aren't mixing in berries or pin . 
"i'm making chicken cordon bleau casserole tonight and i'm so excited " 
"rt user certified organic red potatoes being served today from fredonia, tx. yum! user texasgrown eatyourveggies " 
"fall vegetables and herb galette | sweet potato, apples, herbs, &amp; whole grain mustard in a buttery crust. . 
"rt user user get a veggie burger and then i'll get whataburger." 
"cold bananas are the best, but if you leave them in the fridge for to long they go bad " 
"user i deleted it but yea bitch couch potatoes" 
"user pineapple kush." 
"rt user couch potatoes bitch i'm dying lmao . 
"today's special is smoked chicken wrap. lettuce, tomato, red onion with our smoked chicken all wrapped up in a flour tortilla. fountain $8" 
"yall are so worried about stupid shit while bananas might go extinct" 
"the fruit is called cowtongue prickly pear" 
"rt user yall are so worried about stupid shit while bananas might go extinct" 
"thugs... . 
"we must now call the conflagration trumpcare and see how he likes that. . 
"bananas. thats it, thats the tweet." 
"rt user omg baked potatoes 2 for $20 or $25 deals available right now!! 13815 south post oak rd let's eat!! . 
"beef ribs, smoked wings, habanero mac, peach cobbler - happy redriverrivalry weekend! . 
"call. . . 
"turned down a taco to eat 2 boiled eggs and grapefruit " 
"hey big head . 
"everyone has a pizza dance. today's slices are fried eggplant and sausage &amp; garlic. . 
"how "you'd even be pretty if you did your hair and wore makeup!" small potatoes, maybe, but come fucking on. 6/" 
"putting lettuce and tomato on a taco is so disrespectful" 
"our new fall favorite! 3.63ct. pear cut golden sapphire, 0.55ct. round brilliant cut diamonds. . 
"rt user everyone has a pizza dance. today's slices are fried eggplant and sausage &amp; garlic. . 
"short rib tamarind jus green apple celery kofallmenu . 
"the littlest bit of heat &amp; sunlight will literally turn me into a tomato for an hour. now, if only people would stop staring" 
"rt user peach floral acrylic beaded earrings, gift for her, bohemian, by lilyspad58 . pottiteam etsymntt " 
"bitch what lmao sandwiches dont grow on trees silly. they obviously grow on bushes . 
"yummy yams!!! nutritionisourbusiness . 
"how can schools allow this. how can decent people stand by &amp; allow this type of crap to go on. this one of those . 
"cabbage and carrots all i eat is vegan " 
"arroz con gandules (rice and pigeon peas) | the best rice dish ever! i know that is a bold statement but i stand .. . 
"rt user october is the perfect time to make candy apples. have you made any? . halloweentreats " 
"shrooms cure depression is what i read alright seems like a valid reason to try some . 
"rt user kathy and craig hall update: wineries lucky so far but fate of grapes uncertain. form matching fund for victims. https:" 
"i still think i was born in wrong country . 
"lemon almond chicken salad . 
"beef roast, fried cabbage with bacon and onions, and golden potatoes. what you got for lunch?" 
"ima healthy kid. i smoke broccoli" 
"pinnacle secretly recalls birds eye frozen peas . via user 
"david, we must be on the same wave length. i'm re-reading first blood &amp; was posting about your wife &amp; rambo apples . 
"cms-2 software engineer - secret clearance - cherry hill, nj usa . 
"love him for everything he does for me, and he knows my love for mash potatoes . 
"basil is said to make a great tomato companion plant, improving their flavor. houstongardener gardeningtip" 
"rt user putting lettuce and tomato on a taco is so disrespectful" 
"the apples in stereo shine(in your mind) ksymradio" 
"i eat organic peanut butter and bananas for breakfast, my mother would be so sad" 
"rt user i was walking around w spinach in my teeth all day &amp; all i can think now is that a burger wouldn't have done that to me." 
"user "hey girl, you look like my mom's famous meatloaf."" 
"saw a vid about sub'n eggplant for bacon. took the challenege and this was my final product. pretzel hoagie elt wit . 
"domain soups: tomato coconut bisque &amp; rosemary butternut squash. masala: chicken sali w/ cilantro and lime in a tumeric sauce." 
"trump no care vs. obama cares...gop plan is that you lose insurance and die broke. . 
"domain buddha: brown basmati rice, french green lentils, kale." 
"purple potatoes may do more than add a pop of color to your plate. these vibrant tubers might also help ward off... . 
"vegan caramel apples. yes, you heard it right. coconut milk date peanut butter caramel withtexas gala apples with . 
"ima peach bitchess! user . 
"all my office at 281.485.4663 thanks maggie mcfarland | re/max pear" 
"tomorrow: user presents wand, darto &amp; same brain! user . . 
"lamar bangkok: chicken massaman w organic chicken thighs, carrots w peanuts. buddha: brown basmati, cranberry beans, collard greens." 
""gold pineapple" coolers trending in hollywood at: . trend . 
"i need somethin with some hair on its chest cuz . 
"user user young whole foods chicken salad in the house" 
"rt user 7 creative ways to cook cauliflower . . 
"these meatloaf sliders are the perfect recipe for your tailgating party! . . 
"if anybody is looking to buy in the katy area - this home is a "cherry" - lots of extras here perfect for an... . 
"rt user try our fresh take on halloween with a pine-o-lantern! simply core the pineapple and carve. . 
"user hi i love cheese sandwich and lettuce,onion, are you going walk a little? it helps calm and refre . 
"finally someone says it . 
"i want guacamole" 
"bucees cherry limeade &gt;&gt;&gt;." 
"i smacked my face on a wall for some pineapple freaking pizza! user thedolantwins" 
"i was always that weird kid who served themselves a huge plate of broccoli alone on field trips." 
"user user apples and oranges. compare football now to last year and the year before" 
"rt user people that like pineapple pizzas opinions . 
"rt user thats what good pussy sounds like . 
"running water? bananas" 
"sweet as a peach." 
"rt user what tripping on mushrooms looks like in the brain . 
"user user user ohhhh the lettuce dude. we thought those were wings " 
"user corn tortillas! potatoes, chicken tenders are cheaper than breasts and cook faster, rice, frozen ve . 
"user youre trash &gt; won one of peachs hardest mus &gt; plays diddy " 
"rt user there was this girl in my class with lettuce on her head and i said "excuse me" and she said "i have a boyfriend" o " 
"user user and have created super fungi and insects bananas are possibly going extinct because of a sup . 
"rt user call. . . 
"hope he is run out of town... and boo'ed... and gets hit in face with a rotten tomato or egg. . 
"just listed! 2010 peach tree st, austin, tx 78704 $699,000 2,045 sq ft 3 beds 2 baths 2 living... . 
"user plantbased goodness. tofu roastedvegetables and rice . 
"thanks, but i'll stick to my barley &amp; hops. :) . 
"user getting the spoiled cabbage ready for flinging! ;)" 
"they buy us a fancy lunch every friday! today we are eating london broil with cognac sauce, green beans, mashed potatoes, and salad " 
"user shut up and make me a chicken salad sandwich" 
"rt user cherry creek football coach dave logan set the 5a record for career wins last night. now has 252 in his career. copreps" 
"i'm allergic to something in my breakfast taco but i have no self control. just know that if i die i died happy &amp; full of spicy potatoes." 
"send help i'm hungry and i've run out of cherry tomatoes" 
"i disagree with both of these statements . 
"user im so excited! is it sad that i'm more excited about the mashed potatoes? " 
"i just cooked potatoes,corn, sausage, and shrimp all by myself " 
"thread. again. . 
"rt user user mashed potatoes are life thooo." 
"pineapplecoconutlime naturaloil blend = pineapple, coconut, lime &amp; sugarcane. . . 
"fav place in huntsville dont @ me . 
"rt user ew i know it's not done . 
"biscuits &amp; gravy w|bacon, sausage &amp; fried sweet apples the perfect breakfast " 
"apples are a key anti-inflammatory food that can improve risk of diabetes, bone health, &amp; weight management. . 
"smoky beef stew by chef sandy. . dinner meatsmokers . 
"rt user there are so many amazing ways to eat potatoes. it's awesome i'm thankful for this life filled with potatoes" 
"1 of the coolest articles ive read magic mushrooms may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients . via user 
"user meet yaretzi . . 
"y'all need to watch this completely and laugh today . 
"lmao this used to be me &amp; my mama when we had sweet peas . 
". two peas in a pod" 
"then ofada stew with just plain beef and smoked turkey" 
"you and your dem colleagues caused this by passing a terrible healthcare law. nobody else is to blame. . 
"can dogs eat pumpkins, sweet potatoes and nuts? . 
"more of frannie with user class at zavala. schoolgardensrock aisdoutside childrenandnature . 
"a lot of mexicans have their houses painted some bright colors. a pistachio green house, a peach house, a baby blue house, you name it " 
"rt user . two peas in a pod" 
"rt user we are vibrant people . 
"rt user crystal bowl scalloped edge heavy lead lady anne pattern vintage blm . etsy kitchen . 
"how to save tomato seeds - . via user . 
"user i was gunna buy for pc... but i already have for ps4 too &gt;:) lettuce play together when i finish moving and get a tv set up :3" 
"i can eat potatoes every single day of my life " 
"rt user nah that's peach beach in mario kart . 
"for sale: $125 white/cherry wood polaroid sx-70 [tested + working] - small chip on back left hip . 
"i'm soo hungry right now that i'm starting to smell things. because the office smells like salisbury steak &amp; mashed potatoes" 
"when he's naughty put him in the pear wiggler" 
""comparisons with the stephanie plum novels are understandable...these characters have much more depth." . cr4u" 
"whether you like creamy or tomato-based sauces, we've got something decadent in store. . 
"rt user fairytale pumpkin soup this morning. . 
"rt user don't miss the grape stomp at yepez vineyard november 4! stomp grapes, sip wine &amp; enjoy music. " 
"rt user yummy yams!!! nutritionisourbusiness . 
"i want some peach 1800" 
"rt user news never stops! shoutout to this hardworking mama user meatloaf &amp; news cut-ins user user https:" 
"i made a pineapple upside down cake yesterday &amp; its like all gone now lol" 
"np: supa peach (user rpentradio check-in 1 nowplaying . 
"jordy wtf . 
"being interviewed for my new diet book (the 100 year old diet) and realized instead of apples - i eat one tomato per day for last 40 years!!" 
"user user user user good for you dom! like two peas in a pod." 
"cherry limeade time !!!! (at user in dallas, tx) . 
"oh my, drooling over these sweet potatoes! . 
"rt user when u eat a tomato with developed volatiles and adequate sugar sweet taste . 
"rt user user dont start crap! always the negative.. apples and oranges... but hey.. safety first" 
"rt user user frozen turkey meatballs &amp; frozen broccoli, microwaved, with jarred tomato sauce on top; crushed red " 
"user and of course "this tomato loves you" by user 
"apples! making homemade applesauce!! grandma came to help us! she reads with us every tuesday also! we love her so . 
"teriyaki halibut with zucchini and cabbage! . 
"have i ever mentioned how much i hate celery " 
"rt user i hate rasins ewwwww why do they put these wrinkly lil grapes in trail mix????? it's a no from me" 
"user or, move on to steak and potatoes... that is sure to cure the hunger." 
"start your weekend/meal with these sweet &amp; sour calamari &amp; shrimp with chinese broccoli and green tea soba noodles! . 
"what's burning in my bathroom right now-- pink grapefruit with a twist. it makes me smile . @ . 
"rt user the poll to end all polls pineapple on pizza? (hawaiian pizza not just single topping) yay or nay?" 
"hot peach tea and cuddling sounds amazing right now. let's throw in some south park. " 
"sexy $139 liz claiborne black evening blouse scalloped lace trim size 4 lizclaiborne blouse . via ebay top black" 
"user your chocolate covered cherry " 
"rt user user 4/ meanwhile, the "good apples" in media, men &amp; women, are worth flagging. they're who any journalist should " 
"user turkey on italian with lettuce, spinach, cucumbers, bell peppers, jalapeos, tomatoes, vinaigrette . 
"please start with yourself user . 
"i planted out some warrigal greens a few days ago. banana bread 3 bananas it's an australian native leaf; a good addition to..." 
"it's a vegetable soup. . 
"user i mixed it w/ all natural pineapple juice and i can't taste it lol" 
"3rd visit to user so far this year. trying a fried stuffed chicken wing. i miss the fried green tomato l . 
"rt user user in any form, potatoes and bread will kill me " 
"user equivalent to: pineapple on pizza" 
"user hey, happy friday! do you remember which video you gave the recipe, like rice and veggies and teriyaki sauce!? can't find it" 
"user user user welcome to the train. full of oranges." 
"corn , sausage &amp; potatoes everyday " 
"what are you all doing about it?? . 
"rt user who wants to eat a cherry? . 
"rt user user you did ya thing but i thought you was gona go . more layed back wit it." 
"yall i put a cherry jolly rancher in my fruit punch gatorade.... man" 
"user user double chicken, white rice , lettuce and cheese " 
"they stay putting that and a shit load of onions . 
"chicken taco salad from rancho is amazing" 
"rt user ok why is this kolton. yall i made him spanish rice and he literally picked out the peas, carrots, and tomatoes https:" 
"rt user a lot of mexicans have their houses painted some bright colors. a pistachio green house, a peach house, a baby blue house," 
"rt user great. &lt;sarc&gt; . 
"rt user peach # # # lay # # lay02sheep . 
"yo idk what it is but fruit salsa is my new thing. im here for it" 
"user user i was trying to get a plum but its more like a light berry lol" 
"and we're crushing it! our cabsauv grapes are being crushed and destemmed. fermentationready wine101 . 
"user i think i'd be happy with a sack of potatoes. a different irregularly shaped potato for every shot, just like her irregular head." 
"real nigga . 
"craving red lobsters chicken caesar salad today" 
"spinach is superior to lettuce especially when it comes to salads" 
"young cherry slush with nerds . 
"salads with and fruit and nuts are yom too especially when there is spinach involved" 
"bro omg i was eating carrots and i sneezed and it flew everywhere " 
"starting the day off by drinking peach iced tea by user amazing flavor &amp; listening 2 user gfuel . 
"click here to visit the inlinkz linkup i added my link to: . . 
"shrimp ceviche tostada, black beans, cotija, cabbage, pickled onions. ublunch @ underbelly . 
"wheat growing quite well outside of portland maine rotational crop for sweet corn &amp; potatoes user . 
"user i identify as lettuce so try again sweaty " 
"user i'm tired of tomato sauce " 
"cooked spinach is delicious too and it's cute like a little shrinky-dink" 
"everytime me and my mom do a peach workout she's about to receive a new booty pic each and every time " 
"beautiful day for the patio &amp; a nice glass of pinot.. ohhh and my fav greek grilled chicken salad too ... . 
"rt user unfunny mario jokes: mario is a drug addict, hates luigi, mistreats yoshi, rescues peach for sex funny mario jokes: ht" 
" saturday, oct 14: wand, darto &amp; same brain at user user . . 
"rt user my house growing up was pistachio green man... i love my mom but whyyyyyyy . 
"i need to feel better immediately i've got big plans to eat mushrooms in the wilderness this weekend" 
"these are so good. . 
"user i meant to choose peach" 
"*eats a veggie burger once* . 
"rt user but what if i reach in and pull out an actual eggplant?" 
"rt user i associate back squat with eating broccoli. id prefer not to do it, but the benefits outweigh the disdain." 
"but can i take oranges? . 
"rt user new user synchopathic apricot dry hopped sour ale mckinney shoplocal craftcans . 
"pre-tattoo meal, meatloaf plate at spiral diner . 
"rt user mashed potatoes are seriously so good." 
"rt user kevins gonna come home to some flautas &amp; rice &amp; pineapple cake made by me, im just confused bc he still hasnt asked me to m" 
"rt user medical xpress: magic mushrooms may 'reset' the brains of depressed patients . the future of medic" 
"it was a great meatloaf. made from the best meat. fantastic loaf. nobody's ever seen meatloaf like it before. belie . 
"this is the first time ive had something imitating meatloaf since i stopped eating meat im like wow" 
"user i briught grapes ((:" 
"rt user this show was my introduction to marilyn manson. i remember him vividly running around in underpants, leaping around gian" 
"sweet potatoes, bourbon and pineapple have us saying yes please! to this user fall recipe: . 
"it's friday the 13th but weve got you covered with the pure luck of vodka distilled from black-eyed peas. drink up . 
"happy ending was hilarious. idgaf what anybody says. any hop fan who says otherwise probably likes pineapple on their pizza too. user 
"user do you cook them a certain way? or just raw? i love steamed broccoli but its also really good roasted like in stir-fry" 
"happy fridaythe13th! hope your day is bananas-good! b-a-n-a-n-a-s dallas dfw petfriendly bananas . 
"fuddruckers is great because i don't have to worry about a fresh hs grad irresponsibly giving my burger that terrible tomato taint." 
"okay, so (apparently) if you eat 400 bananas at once, the potassium overdose can kill you. . 
"user you know i waited over a month and you guys sent me the wrong product i ordered tricot not peach skin what now?" 
"user lmao im eating anything but green peas. nah." 
"i'll share a peanut butter with pineapple mango fruit spread sandwich and lime water...lol i do hope you are smili . 
"rt user lmaooooooooooooooo rt user niggas roasted me so hard. talmbout i went to prom with cabbage . 
"rt user like a freezer . 
"honey &amp; curry roasted carrots, mixed greens, chickpeas, cucumber, golden raisins, and almonds . 
"user oh yeah. wait. ion like them or raw carrots. ion know what else i dont like. " 
"user broccoli omfg" 
"asks for pina colada.... they bring me a huge pineapple filled with pina colada not what i wanted but okay thanks!" 
"its not a meal without potatoes - some random truck i just drove by. best quote ive ever seen." 
"introducing the solo! 1/2 pound of dungeness (1 cluster) 6 peel and eat shrimp corn (1) potatoes (2) sausage (1)... . 
"user bananas and beer!" 
"user apples controller for their game console the pipin" 
"lemme tell yall who makes the best steak and potatoes bruh" 
"rt user art class helping paint the set for james and the giant peach! user user user art " 
"i hate when i get bananas too early . 
"yeah. who i need to finesse . 
"i love potatoes" 
"shredded lettuce does not go on burgers; that is all." 
"finally coloring and cutting my hair today!! since its fall, im going to do a dark color plum finally" 
"rt user today's eat is full of sweet italian sausage, potatoes, kale, bacon, and cheese. check out user recipe! " 
"large numbers of jews believed yeshua from the beginning, but then a few rotten apples mat19:2-3" 
"relaxing and recovering at the pear. thanks for stopping in chris. . 
"user meatloaf makes me happy." 
".user okay, so (apparently) if you eat 400 bananas at once, the potassium overdose can kill you." 
"my type of meal. . 
"rt user 5 camping recipes to cook in oranges: . camping recipe recipes . 
"this is bananas. bananapocalypse . 
"rt user white girl: can i get a bread bowl of broccoli cheddar and a ceasar salad me: can i get a bread bowl of broccoli ch " 
"rt user yeah. who i need to finesse . 
"systems engineers with secret clearance - cherry hill, nj usa . . 
"rt user the universe keeps throwing people in my path that don't like bananas but my resolve is strong and i will not waver" 
"apples &amp; peanut better! " 
"port wine roasted mushrooms with goat cheese brie and blood orange glaze. and for dessert spiced apples over... . 
"the foster falcon theater will present james and the giant peach saturday at 7p.m. and sunday at 2p.m. at the r . 
"i need a chicken salad sandwich rn" 
"user i hate tofu " 
"rt user in the beginning, i created the dinos and the broccoli and i saw it was good." 
"peach crumb bars . . 
"country fried beef steak with cream gravy, broccoli with cheese sauce and black eyed peas @ . 
"f. r. i. d. a. y. . on user 
"ok guys, don't do like i did and put mayo based salad dressing on chicken salad... i'm overdosing on mayo..." 
"rt user i decided to try a frozen meal for lunch today. long story short, i'm eating a handful of grapes and ice chips inst " 
"rt user sale! substantial modernist 18k gold diamond 8ct natural emerald peach pink sapphire statement ring fashion unisex " 
"smallfactfriday from user our user options include a high fiber superfood patty packed with c . 
"user hot tea..get the peach its good on your throat." 
"rt user don't miss "wipi-hunter" - an open source wifi pineapple activities detection kit at bheu arsenal . 
"today's special at our lakewood location is penne pasta in a sundried tomato pesto served with garlic toast. . 
"grilling at the office today. made myself a salad with some chicken and beef fajitas . 
"bosc pear with honey! freshly sliced pears, a hint of cinnamon, and sweetened with nothing else but pure honey! . 
"user if she got you the honey crisp and the cherry lip balm you should definitely ask her out. that's how you know it's real " 
"user user cherry hill " 
"being a bat is the only time this sound is acceptable. people that aren't aware of how loud they're eating drive me . 
"where is the love// black eye peas" 
"broccoli beef... more beef than broccoli please. " 
"user user user s&amp;p is minuscule compared to the dow. stop cherry picking." 
"rt user bro omg i was eating carrots and i sneezed and it flew everywhere " 
"james and the giant peach jamesandthegiantpeach timburton . . 
"software engineers with secret clearance - cherry hill, nj usa . . 
"as they say, an apple a day keeps the doctor away! apples caramelapples caramel fall . 
"via user // magic mushrooms reset key brain circuits in depressed people . 
"til i hate celery." 
"thinking of going cherry brown, what do u think? user lol" 
"japanese cherry blossoms is " 
"it's decided~me and garrett are going to be "2 peas in a pod-cast" for h. ween" 
"rt user til 1.) chickens can jump 2.) they like apples. . 
"daisy ate a real meal and froy's character is a fuckboy who struggles when he's had a few drinks and his safe word is broccoli wow" 
"user i made the broccoli check my snap" 
"user mind blown. cursing mad. broccoli." 
"rt user the black eyed peas - my humps . 
"rt user psat2017 :remember not to talk about the psat online me: give me my illegal tomato memes" 
"disappointed in my chicken sub today. i have more bread and lettuce than i do chicken. and i gave a $2 tip" 
"rt user eight hundred grapes - family vineyard drama receives put pilot at abc . . 
"false. . 
"making bomb ass spinach bacon &amp; chicken pasta " 
"i'll stick to the rolls with mashed potatoes and ham . 
"bw is drinking a passionfruit-peach berliner weisse at hop scholar ale house (4/5 stars) . 
"beegie adair - cherry pink and apple blossom white . nowplaying listenlive user 
"just hear me out!!! . 
"rt user granny smith apples are really fire " 
"rt user it's decided~me and garrett are going to be "2 peas in a pod-cast" for h. ween" 
"friday lunchh craving. lamadeleinecafe's chicken caeser salad, fresh bread and butter ..when i . 
"will grier not being named a golden arm award candidate is absolutely bananas and blatant disrespect . 
"rt user we are excited to feature our beautiful glass apple models in the glass flowers gallery user " 
"just had a badass grilled cheese sandwich &amp; a tomato soup.. &amp; now im about to take my self a nap . 
"user what're you saying? peach is like, top 4" 
"bananas gonna go extinct " 
"user with tomato soup, right?" 
"crystal bridal earrings teardrop cz earrings cubic zirconia pear shaped . etsymntt jetteam . 
"user young wine, lightbulbs, batteries, rice, baby carrots and hummus?" 
"user thank you peach " 
"homemade stuffed vegan portobello mushrooms. minced basil, white onion, red cabbage, . 
"the best greek salad ever! cold and crisp lettuce, kalamata olives, red onion, cherry tomatoes, . 
"in some good news, nuclear-grade bananas has earned a permanent place in my personal lexicon. . 
"was dead bout to quote this lmaoo . 
"made a v-egg salad sandwich for lunch and gonna make mac n cheez w/cauliflower bites for dinner " 
"user chicken salad! easy and delicious!" 
"rt user 70 years ago, wilkinson vs. cherry tomorrow, history. beattexas . 
"jessica, holly, rachel, lisa, june, michelle, tiff, binish, cherry, tiffany, darlan &amp; all friends thanks for likes &amp; rts. god bless stephen" 
"user i want this this weekend . 
"user jill's been having a particularly rough week, so banana pudding is in the works...making your pear/carda . 
"sprouting spinach in 90+ temp and new planting tool . via user 
"grapes birdhouse . 
"rt user in my car... i got some snacks . 
"all i've had today was a iced toddy so i'm feeling kinda crazy. little loopy off the walls bananas , you know?" 
"rt user cherry wine by hozier is the most beautiful song i have ever heard and i listen to it an excessive amount of times" 
"user time is illmatic, keep static like wool fabric. pack a 4-matic to crack your whole cabbage" 
"grilled chicken, broccoli, and brown rice with spicy ginger teriyaki sauce so bomb!" 
"very powerful argument. thoughts are phrased as if user wrote it. . 
"rt user this font is fugly. and i hate potatoes so good morning back . 
"user a benefit of getting older is our tastebuds are ready for stout. also stouts make a killer beef stew. . 
"ferrante - little green apples . nowplaying listenlive" 
"user pineapple... smh, should be illegal." 
"the acropolis special. fresh hand tossed crust, made from scratch tomato sauce, pepperoni, . 
"user the devil's lettuce" 
"user makes sense! sounds delicious! have you ever tried their veggie burger? :)" 
"who asked for this? . 
"young mushrooms out dis bih . 
"rt user i wanted to do princess peach's lips . 
"user that's the new grilled cheese and tomato soup." 
"someone just stole the oranges in my cart while i was briefly away looking for other fruit. in many ways, we still live in obamas america." 
"rt user is it bananas that managers this postseason are using relievers -- and justin verlander out of the pen -- so early? htt" 
"some pasta with uh tomatoes...peppers, spinach, and gardein beef crumbles? topped w/ sunflower seeds &amp; nooch ran t . 
"brenna: i need you to be the mario to my peach and do everything for me quotesby412" 
"user brooooo, those 3 fights this weekend good ass fights. don't really care for mares and leo steady cherry pickin" 
"i bet those mashed potatoes aren't even homemade either...lmfao alright im gonna shut up it ain't that serious " 
"floresville. 20-acre farm, barn, peach trees, pond, wildlife, nice home. close to san antonio. txhorseproperties . 
"is this a reason for catalonia to stay in spain ? spanish firm touts low-fat avocados. guacamole weekend . 
"rt user sweet like oranges! . 
"i am so mad right now. i went to the grocery store because i ran out of zucchini and cauliflower. i was waiting... . 
"yesterday i got the sweetest bananas at heb. they are so good." 
"gucci crew ii - the cabbage patch . 
"magic of my mushrooms: a depressives journey to microdosing dana p. saxon . mentalhealth depression brainbody" 
"i hate this frost commercial. you already ordered the guacamole. not eating it isnt gonna save you any money." 
"fav soda . 
"salad or chicken sandwich?" 
"rt user rainbow grapes occur during vraison (when grapes turn from green to purple as they ripen) image: bizarbin/worth100 " 
"fried chicken, potatoes, corn, green beans for dinner " 
"rt user shoutout to all the pear . 
"bitchu could've had a v8 . 
"see a virtual tour of our listing on 0 yucca ave - lot 7 surfside tx realestate . . 
"rt user crystal bridal earrings teardrop cz earrings cubic zirconia pear shaped . etsymntt jetteam ht" 
"why do daleks eat apples? because an apple a day keeps the doctor away..... . 
"user enchantingautumn sugar plum whip moisturizer win fall" 
""peas are alive until you boil them to death"" 
"rt user is it just me, or does peach from hotel mario look like a cheep $5.00 sex blow-up doll? . 
"winner winner fish and mushy peas dinner. " 
"rt user i hope the antioxidants from my grapes are battling the pesticides i'm too lazy to wash off my grapes." 
"rt user user broccoli is the best thing on earth" 
"having some fall fun by ranking our favorite apples and making applesauce! . 
"johnny dang aint playing.. he with the bananas . 
"austin eastciders's "pineapple cider" just got tapped @ dr. jeckyll's beer lab!" 
"why are potatoes so delicious in every form " 
"user best water ever!! pineapple is my favorite" 
"user user smh eggplant is delicious" 
"dude, i get home from work and open snapchat and the first thing i see is that bananas might go extinct, wtf man!! i am enraged!" 
"can someone change their name to shirt so i can change mine to "tomato soup"" 
"rt user a blunt be like the cherry on top when u drunk" 
"white &amp; milk chocolate covered apples k&amp;k's sweet creations [ we are completely booked for this weekend ] ! . 
"pineapple doesn't belong on pizza . 
"check your peas!! . 
"yep. and you will laugh your fucking ass off too . 
"scentsykids' oodlesoforange is a sweet blend of pineapple, papaya, mangoblossom &amp; berries. . 
"am i the only one that peels their grapefruit like an orange? i ruby reds, but this pink . 
"rt user the pear in edition no. 3 gives a soft &amp; rounded sweetness to the whisky a crisp delicacy that only the macallan " 
"gotta love a colorful snack. blackberries bananas kiwi raspberries . 
"user bananas foster is disappointing after the show is over... we hoped for something amazing . 
"you can tell how good my run was by how red my face is. i am very tomato-y today " 
"we're going bananas over this simplified understanding of ux design: . 
"my mom back in 1959 was deported to bugesera (2nd phase of tutsi genocide). i made a cyenyanja on tomato sauce an . 
"anyone who says the genuinely like celery is lying" 
"with their hunger beating fiber and cancer-fighting antioxidants, apples really are one of nature's best . 
"rt user the pieces i did for the user user peach iced tea launch! speedart: . behance: " 
"rt user about to help james find his giant peach, wyd? . 
"rt user do i want mushrooms on my pizza? sure &amp; while youre at it, take the mold from my shower &amp; spread it all over the crust, yo" 
"distressed black cherry with ruby velvet trim hataholics warbonnet @ warbonnet_hat_works . 
"i love a good recipe hack, and this cheesy spinach artichoke crostini comes together in minutes . 
"user they are the celery of nuts." 
"suite 300 learning lots about apples this week!!!" 
"shrimp have shells, apples have seeds, and corn dogs have wooden sticks...the key is knowing where the food ends . 
"user user i heard that brad refuses to take this quiz. bradtakei sternshow georgetakei guacamole tsunami" 
"fyi - riced cauliflower tastes like hash browns." 
"i'm about to to attempt to make a spinach dip and i do not believe it'll go well." 
"finna have some peach purple syrup on decc next weekend hml if you tryna get yo sip on 15 a line" 
"bitch.. you built like mashed potatoes... and smell like last week's casserole. headahh" 
"my tia says letters instead of lettuce . 
"why is the safe word is broccoli user 
"alright, i'm gonna say something that's probably gonna sound pretty weird. pickled grapes actually sounds pretty go . 
"user when u call the cherry limeade spicy . 
"it's fantastic. . 
"rt user who else has had glasses since they were kids and would eat buttloads of carrots thinking they'd heal your eyes" 
"rt user "why eat a veggie burger if you have no disires of eating meat ? your full of shit you just wanna be a personality and be" 
"rt user at your next party, why don't you try making this margarita keg. all you need is a watermelon and a handful of plum ht" 
"yes pineapple goes with pizza. . 
"i'd like to take a nude bath with warm mashed potatoes &amp; gravy filling the tub. . 
"just trying help out! how long are your bananas lasting? these have another week in them. that would be 2 weeks... . 
"user and maybe three links will serve some damn fine cherry pie that evening...." 
"taco stands are a great place to run to. sometimes we try to be healthy. running + mushrooms seems healthy enough t . 
"rt user johnny dang aint playing.. he with the bananas . 
"might fuck around and watch james and the giant peach" 
"rt user boiled potatoes. # girls_last_tour anime . 
"rt user peas garden lesson. user aisdproud user . 
"rt user murano glass plum gold silver bicolor ball earrings, leverback earrin . etsymntt craftshout https:/" 
"rt user school :2+2=4 hw :5+4+2=11 exam: billy has 4 apples , the bus picks him up at 8, calculate the mass of the sun" 
"dont make us catch yo granny in her garden picking them granny smith apples..hit granny with the smith,how you like them apples?" 
"user no pic of lettuce burger tho d:" 
"rt user thanks for this helpful getting started video for our new user slides add-on user for more tips check out: " 
"cowboy boot plum purple glass &amp; white glass pearl beaded hand crafted charm bangle bracelet . 
"just spent $40 on a sashimi lunch, and i don't care. been eating nothing but chicken breasts and raw spinach for two weeks now." 
"rt user my skincare routine is not using the neutrogenia pink grapefruit acne scrub and that's it" 
"user idk who was the first one to vote, to figure that out is too late lol. if you voted pears you're ri . 
"totally vegan veggie lettuce wrap. one for me and one for a person in need tangotab eating lunch at jimmy john's . 
"cheesecake factory steak &amp; mash potatoes &amp; green beans top 5, i literally go by myself &amp; dont care haha." 
"so sad, i can't even begin to imagine what people are feeling right now. my heart breaks for them. . 
"rt user in case you were wondering what an mri of broccoli looks like. science tech health food . 
"rt user same!!!! my fam knows to make me banana pudding without bananas . 
"user lets say you invite them but the friends orders pineapple pizza and the girl you dating says it's the b . 
"2414 sand plum dr, katy, tx 77449, $145,238 3 beds, 2 baths . 
"user put her grapes in the freezer and they are like little popsicles do it its good" 
"smw episode 3: peach vs. toadstool?: . via user 
"this friedchicken recipe is perfect for our pineapple ancho chile rinds. how do you add our rinds to your dishes? . 
"even tho i just ate i want some corn flakes w/ some bananas" 
"rt user this might help you find your friday feeling. try a homemade tomato juice pick me up . . 
"rt user at least you can press mute on one of these annoying oranges. . 
"rt user my ocean water and pineapple sunrise mocktails with user look just as delicious as they taste! ad mixitupalittle " 
"we will never let user live a normal life ever again because of broccoli" 
"8 kids in our class liked green apples the best! bengalpride . 
"rt user how to cook romanescogarlic roasted romanesco on cheesy polenta w/ fresh tomato sauce meatlessmonday vegetarian https" 
"rt user science finally catching up with what psychonauts have known for a long time . 
"mood 24/7 . 
"rt user another way to avoid foodwaste -- thanks user . 
"my opinion of peas has drastically changed" 
"just tried some lentil and spinach soup from whole foods and had to add like all the hot sauce i could find." 
"user cabbage with mayo and other stuff" 
"rt user cabbage, carrots and mayo or any salad dressing you want . 
"rt user user cabbage with mayo and other stuff" 
"user how about a share for this how to cook jack daniels peach cobbler in a lodge dutch oven . via user 
"rt user here is the gscfootball digital recap for @ user peach basket win over user " 
"rt user user 2018 beer release calendar including 30th anniversary cherry stout reserve slated for may. " 
"rt user a proper sandwich includes lettuce and avocado" 
"user how about a retweet please how to cook jack daniels peach cobbler in a dutch oven . via user 
"user omg i have the best spinach dip recipe ever!" 
"when me and my pops get along we are like two peas in a pod" 
"user game idea: side-scrolling beat-em-up starring princess peach on a quest to save mario for once. you may steal this." 
"user user he likes pineapple on pizza" 
"korean spicy pork red beans and rice barbacoa street tacos my guacamole iced lemon pound cake . 
"rt user get your tickets now for the user production of james &amp; the giant peach.hurry! show dates are limited to o " 
"user those are how many bowls of fermented cabbage they can eat in one session badges." 
"user use some extra brown sugar for a more dense syrup &amp; don't add too much liquid. i go for apples, brown . 
"heirloom tomato seeds - new 2016 harvest: superior performers, original varieties, organically grown, non-gmo . 
"rt user black and peach // new wave . 
"lol user is eating...again . 
"alright cherry on top of the cake. where can you fix a cracked iphone screen in morgantown?" 
"no meme is greater than ghost pumpkins soup... for pumpkin hill from sonic adventure 2" 
"user can't help with that,but you could come over for cauliflower fried "rice". it turned out really well. and you should eat. " 
"user like carrots... we prefers goals. nick sorrrkkkinnnn nailers lead 4-3!" 
"homemade brown fried rice and chicken, broccoli, &amp; mushroom stir . 
"user you guys should be getting as much shit as them.. good to see ya in a cherry mood, not like beating yourself up would help." 
"love a lady who can eat . 
"we'll leave some carrots in the locker room when we leave. :) . 
"rt user low carb cauliflower 'tots' so easy to make for gameday snacks sidedish or party appetizers " 
"oh, you know. just passing a pineapple on usa network's pysch page. . 
"user ...no, god, no porn of the innocent sweet pure potatoes, please" 
"rt user user comparing ata to truckers is like comparing apples to oranges. eldorme user hr3282" 
"user i forget pears don't have a lot of flavor so it tasted just like apples lol" 
" campbell springs farm . 
"how we adventure. this is ethan with the sheriff, who asked ethan what his favorite part about the evening was . 
"user my shopping spree today: pinot noir, sweet potatoes, quinoa, combat boots (pleather/vegan), cushion made . 
"good night. 11:50 pm . 
"vegan bang bang broccoli - rabbit and wolves . 
"rt user comedic life after football suits plum, wvu product pat mcafee mcafee bhivelabs . 
"bruh . 
"emily's heirloom pound cakes 3439 lorna lane hoover, alabama birminghamblackcom nbgnetwork nationalblackguide . 
"yeah but youd also be missing out on cheese . 
"rt user hope you enjoy the pizza guys i know u all were waiting for a while! love you so much, see u soon! . 
"rt user whoever makes these captions needs a raise . 
"i tried to tell him not to bc it was weird but he was like "just take it, it's like cheese filled breadsticks" " 
"why not have a flight of beer at vecchia? . 
"rt user pizza accepts you for who you are" 
"rt user i was breaking bread w bitches that was shady .." 
"user hey gavin. do you like banana bread? if so, i'll make you some and bring it to the show in nashville." 
"miki where did the cookies go" 
"things ive done today: woken up too early to clean the campus, taken a 3 hour nap, ate too much pizza, &amp;was called into work 2 hours early" 
"where will the robin hood beer and cider festival move to while nottingham castle is being redeveloped? - nottingh . 
"user sorry, cant talk. on my way to give an abortion to an effigy of trump at some pizza place." 
"i just earned the 'fruits of your labor (level 7)' badge on user . 
"drinking a jam band by user @ loda bier garten . 
"rt user fuck your fitness photos. im gonna start posting photos before and after eating a whole pizza." 
"user user i was thinking the same thing! joe you taking a pic? selecting an instagram filter? ordering a pizza?" 
"rt user twitter peaked at an account where birds could tweet by pecking at bacon fat on a keyboard . . 
"rt user can't. making sweet love to a box of powdered donuts." 
"damn....chase em down. . 
"pre-gaming! auburn wareagle - drinking a pre-game session ale by user - . 
"not sure if i should get beer drunk or jameson drink tonight on this party bus? user user user 
"dank. very little hop character on the body and finish. most is aromatic. - drinking a mosaic dry hopped - . 
"we're at ci ci's pizza. i've missed you.. and your cinnamon rolls user . 
"rt user baby you'll be lucky to get a 50 cent juice with these looks. . 
"rt user "all that pizza and that's what he wanna eat, that's love " . 
"rt user i am tiredddddd . 
"rt user im covered in bread dust" 
"user user i'd follow you anywhere julie. all the way to the bread line." 
"rt user dreamland ribs, chicken, baked beans, mac and cheese, banana pudding. rolllsu rollbama" 
"rt user i'm eating cake. the best chocolate cake! i'm the president, so they have to keep bringing me cake!!! nationaldesser" 
"that auburn fan sitting in the backseat w/ bama fans in the user ad needs to check those chicken tenders for poison. justsayin" 
"rt user a monopoly on the importation &amp; sale of tea in the colonies? in this economy? hold my beer. ~samuel adams" 
"rt user [1793] louis xvi: the peasants have no bread marie antoinette: let them eat cake {later} peasant: how do i make a" 
"rt user donut tunnel stuffed cake a cake made with stuffed donuts? oh ya, get down with ya bad self. recipe: " 
"rt user [ wwi ] us: come on you sons of bitches, do you wanna live forever? french: let them eat cake us: no! scarier fr: no ch" 
"rt user cheese lovers, this curd is for you! user has officially declared october 15th as national cheesecurdday! " 
"rt user *friday the 13th doesn't scare me anymore* mike myers - hold my beer..." 
"rt user drinking a hops fell by user - . 
"rt user crawfish and shrimp cheese fries from tasty treat restaurant in new orleans. . 
"join the panera bread team! see our latest job opening here: . parttime cashier decatur, al veterans hiring" 
"user okay now. hold on. there is a place here that makes a taco pizza. that, sure. anything else tho? mmmm no." 
"rt user boycottnflsponsors boycotthollywood boycottnfl boycottthenfl user user shit beer, shit management w " 
"just bought cookie dough to makes cookies w my booo prob just gonna eat the cookie dough tho" 
"rt user me: im terrified of snakes! cleopatra: hold my beer." 
"user i dont either mel, but i will think some days about a glass of wine or a cold beer too. i figured it was . 
"rt user good 'ole toasted cheese. . 
"rt user pre-debut mark tuan playing beer pong? yes . 
"rt user don't take people for granted. take them for ice cream or a beer or glass of wine instead." 
"brisket topped bacon burger and 4 wings is our special for the game. @ sidetracks music hall . 
"user i would wait outside her door too for bacon." 
"still excellent. - drinking a vern's wheat wine ale by user at user . 
"how far away do you have to be for a special insulated delivey bag to make a difference in your pizza delivery experience? an hour?" 
"rt user tuesday, oct 15 see user user cakes. for free on . promoc" 
"if cake, cookies, or ice cream can't fix your problems, ask yourself... is this really a problem that needs fixing? nationaldessertday" 
"so i can't throw a pizza on the roof now? . 
"tiger treats, pimento cheese and corn dog bites--it must be gameday. wareagle auvslsu @ the . 
"rt user yall better stop sleeping on pineapples on pizza." 
"i'm riding with my parents in their van. dad used my seatbelt to strap down a cooler so, feeling pretty low on the . 
"rt user they not as good as yo spicy nuggets &amp; a side of bring em back sauce . 
"user i don't have cheese puffs a playstation or gta lol i'm learning to pick my battles" 
"bacon, thats really it . 
"user imagine how the guy who bought pizza feels tho." 
"rt user when its just you and a box of pizza . 
"rt user dl 19 year old been trying to give me that young dick for a minute. i finally let him get the cakes. " 
"when the guy grating cheese at olive garden pauses and looks at you.. . 
"in the mood for cheese tacos" 
"all i smell is weed roasting and bacon cooking... its gunna be a good saturday!!!! cookies bacon weed food" 
"rt user this new wave of dickhead "comedy " yall tryna create is lame as fuck. . 
"rt user lemme get that pizza... boneless this will never get oldshhs . 
"rt user cookies &amp; cream cheesecake cookies . 
"no one told me how exhausting chuck e. cheese was" 
"rt user as long as lsu got coach o death valley be more like chuck e cheese....." 
"rt user beer for breakfast just shows you how i have won in life or failed whatever" 
"just posted a photo @ papa roccos pizza . 
"lunch eating pizza at cicis . 
"rt user college football, $9 beer pitchers &amp; .75 wings all day! user user user user user " 
"i dont trust someone who can eat cold pizza" 
"$15 beer buckets + gameday = touchdown! . 
"rt user cheese . 
"duff beer . 
"rt user troy- "we suffered the most embarrassing loss this week." clemson- "hold my beer."" 
"user my 3yo calls is cheese salt" 
"user i just create a playlist or use one alrd made and put it on loop, deleting the cookies too" 
"rt user yall really got rid of the spicy nuggets and replaced them with some long ass regular nuggets i am disgusted . 
"phoebes first time at chuck e. cheese @ chuck e. cheeses . 
"user user okay nub and sausage coming right up . 
"watch: from pale ales to stout, this beer festival has it all - the news . 
"rt user holy snack! these are so delicious. you have to try it -&gt; . ad foodie cheese foodporn " 
"well weeknd did say if i had her you can have her man it dont matter . 
"rt user 5 dangers of diet soda . 
"rt user two biggest shocks of adult life: 1. everyone does cocaine 2. cheese is fucking expensive" 
"rt user tell a pc joke &amp; u're fired, tell it online &amp; could be interpreted as hate speech &amp; land you 15yrs, the flock is ta " 
"rt user user user user ...or bag my eggs and bread at the bottom with all other groceries top." 
"user girl ive seen 2 cars today with donuts on all four smh" 
"the crowd at user is crazy. tons of people at the fairgrounds today to enjoy beer, wine, and liquor in . 
"user user user i over indulged the best cheese and onion going fact thanks to . 
"*stranger calls me* guy: you still have 2 topping pizzas for $9.99 me: congrats sir you are the 100th caller, come pick up ur free pizza" 
"rt user the only thing cheaper than the beer is the football! what are you waiting for?! user . 
"gluten free pizza? yes we are now serving gluten free pizza on request. only available in our 10inch size. no excuse not to eat pizza now!" 
"cinnamon and cream cheese?? sweetsaturday whaterameans . 
"rt user sausage dog burrito! . 
"rt user i'd definitely try those . 
"user i'm confused. all this talk about bacon but nothing larger than xxl in the online store. what? no love for the big man." 
"bbq ribs with blue cheese infused hickory bbq sauce . foodietribe fitness lifestyle" 
"decadent! love this! cheesy sausage tortellini . . 
"rt user bread* . 
"these nacho cheese bugles &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;" 
"rt user that piece of bread panera throw in the bag be tough as shit boy." 
"rt user send a risky text, eat some pizza, life is short" 
"those colours! willowandduck styling to perfection as always! @ junction beer hall &amp; wine room . 
"i should be sitting in my chair with a beer hollering at the tv . 
"rt user lmao this block of cheese getting dumber by the minute worstpresidentinhistory . 
"user don't tell a woman she looks fat. don't mix beer with liquor. don't be in a one score game late in . 
"forget the pizza, i need this pan! . 
"user careful with that cheese dad pls dont die " 
"i haven't had a soda in months , but they done made me drink this sprite " 
"user user user that's a good beer!" 
"rt user i want aqua to step on a huge pizza, and it's just so great" 
"rt user line for donuts, shirts and rain slickers user linemansrodeokc . 
"had a bit of a baking disaster this afternoon but back on track, cheese-cake in oven &amp; creamy carrot soup (none of . 
"rt user user not in my litter box please..i'll wrap it in bacon.." 
"rt user i'm a lot like pizza, hot n' cheesy and if i don't come in 30 minutes, i'm free*. *leaving." 
"coconut oil &amp; baking soda facial look years younger in 1 week: . via user 
"rt user pizza sales shot up in colorado after the state legalised marijuana." 
"user make a bottle of ketchup" 
"user fuck what u talkin about drink more beer like a real goddamn man" 
"we make our white and wheat bread in house. why not take some home with you? orangebeachrestaurants . 
"rt user the votes are in, and fans of pizzacheezit couldnt be contained! this champion, made with 100% real cheese, will " 
"dang! i swallowed a yellow jacket that had got in my beer. throat swelling up. i need to drink more beers faster be . 
"rt user funfact - on this day in 1978 jimmy carter signed hr 1337 legalizing home brewing &amp; making the us craft beer industry possi" 
"rt user user is bringing me a pizza and im lit" 
"crustless pumpkin pies or angel food cakes w/ fresh or frozen berries are tasty alternatives. nationaldessertday . 
"rt user im going to be very honest with you. if i had a pizza right now i would eat it" 
"rt user pray, stack yo bread &amp; mind ya business" 
"rt user i watched season 4 of voltron high as a fucking kite and let me say, those french bread dildo people? fucked me up into the" 
"rt user buttermilk pancake mountain. . 
"rt user bacon cheese fries. . 
"push back by dj rocky ft. cindy,ketchup &amp; peter miles | free mp3 download on . . 
"art crawl was fun now to daves pizza for meetup with people wanting to make this place a reality homewoodalabama . 
"rt user a lot of teleportation cheese in this event.... got next spots glitched! why didn't they do straight match making like la" 
"rt user cheesy garlic bread . 
"rt user how about you mind your business . 
"rt user i need a beer " 
"rt user can i just...? . 
"want to work at panera bread? we're hiring in montgomery, al! click for details: . parttime cashier veterans" 
"email says pizza will be ready at 4:45 i get here at 4:55 &amp; its still not ready " 
"rt user vincat will go rogue... tents, campfire &amp; beer. (no cabin) reminiscing abt their unforgettable love story! " 
"7 kids, 4 adults...2 pizza how sway? thy gone be hungry" 
"rt user "you're so sweet and moist. i want you so badly." *me whispering to the orange scone, while stroking the display counter at" 
"rt theeconomist "chicagoans did not bottle up their negative opinions of the short-lived soda tax . 
"feels good to get out of town. sometimes you just need your family...and a beer. leighfus24 . 
"oh waiter, can i have a slab of ribs with s side of bacon and ham? and help me wave goodbye to pathetic muslims as . 
"rt user bacon in every restaurant please!!!! . 
"rt user "he was rambling on about pizza rolls...i dunno. i just kept looking at his smile and thinking to myself, wow i'm f " 
"since my food wasnt ready on time, at least offer me a soda or something" 
"made myself a quick and tasty pasta dish consisting of veggies, creamy pesto sauce, goat cheese . 
"rt user or, hear me out, greg, u could just skip the entire thing and save 11,000 square ft of forest, 7,300 lbs of co2 &amp; 3 " 
"user user eat more pork america and share with muslims. only pork skins, keep bacon and ribs f . 
"yeah we got one downtown. wonder if they serve beer?? lol . 
"they having a pizza party in the parking lot" 
"meech been hipped. but im amazed that so many people did not know about this beforehand . 
"update: i got starbucks and pizza" 
"user user user user i'll bake you some goodies for an iphone 8! cake, cupcakes, . 
"rt user he been knew and we didnt listen . 
"rt user my kid is singing "mac-n-cheese" to the tune of "stand by me." you guys just tried it, didn't you?" 
"things i've learned today: 1. cameron monaghan = a fantastic joker 2. cashew cheese =\= a good vegan cheese alternative, but does taste good" 
"rt user hold my beer while i tease a bull . 
"rt user our cookies are the best cookies user . 
"rt user just wanna go to a pumpkin patch &amp; take cute fall pics &amp; sit around a fire &amp; go ice skating &amp; go see christmas lights &amp;" 
"extremely poundable - drinking a nothing fancy by new heights brewing company - . 
"rt user tfw the bartender at a beer festival isn't sure what they're doing, so you get to pour your own beer . 
"rt user bernie brought home the bacon, fried it up in a pan, and never ever let us forget he's a man berniewomenshistory" 
"halloween vampire teeth mold bottle labels bloody cheese cloth set of 3 new prop - . 
"user user user beer from the tap" 
"some beer festivals are not as well organized or well run as others. nashbeerfest . 
"just had it at the brewery. leaps and bounds better. so delicious. - drinking a mosaic dry hopped - . 
"rt user if you put ketchup on your fries i can't trust you" 
"basic. - drinking a pale ale by user - . 
"come to our annual pancake breakfast! a ticket will get you 3 pancakes, eggs, and your choice of meat! . 
"rt user im getting really nervous right about now. bring me another beer." 
"user taco blend cheese is the tits." 
"rt user endless cheese pulls. . 
"rt user pizza hut hack: online customer information compromised user cybersecurity infosec pizzahut . 
"user user user and if you add dusse,hennessy,beer and more tequila to the mix its even worst." 
"wanna talk about pizza ? @ vesuvio . 
"rt user a cock so nice you'd chose him over bacon for breakfast..." 
"rt user him- "get in the van, pretty girl. i have a big cock and lotsa bacon." me- "okay." *grabs lube and paper towels" 
"user user user if you do, let's grab a beer while you're in bham! cheers!" 
"carnivore lasagna chicken, meatballs,italian sausage, pepperoni mozzarella and ricotta cheese. . 
"the iphone-controlled cooler that tosses you a beer - cnet . 
"thats it i need to start collecting tea and cookies" 
"forget your typical bread and get our tuna salad on a croissant. it's on special for october. . 
"someone make me a grilled cheese sandwich pls" 
"rt user it's not you, it's me. i need more space. you're just too much. i still love you. - things i say to the last piece of piz" 
"thursday night we will have our beer dinner, a 4-course meal prepared by chef alan with complementary beer pairings . 
"rt user why does the pizza guy get so freaked out about me falling in love with him?" 
"user user but who's going to do birmingham beer biz stories?" 
"rt user you ain't in the hood if you can't get bogies delivered with your food in it's own baggie. shoutout ny fried ch " 
"user yes it's like, "chip u put up how many the first half, hold my beer"" 
"ready to watch some beer and drink some football" 
"saturday wheat bread flourwatersaltyeast bread breadporn kenforkish itsallaboutthecrumb . 
"little caesars gives you free bread if they dont offer it to you. well apparently when you tell them they didnt, they roll their eyes @ u" 
"who wants some cookies?" 
"rt user every time i type "do it" my phone changes it to "donut". i don't think this is a coincidence. *eats donuts" 
"rt user these beer taste like i'm going to dm all you sexy fuckers tonight. " 
"i was excited to open this and find out i actually had bread in my mail! not just any bread but . 
"rt user bourbon + bacon milkshake buffalotrace . 
"got all fixed up even had my beard on point and just ended up going to get some damn fried chicken and beer so much for going to the bar" 
"user i did that same one today and was like thisll be a pizza cake! but it just didnt ever do anything" 
"peace out twitterville, im gonna go frown my sorrows with pizza and ghost adventures . 
"user you telling me now i got to ask my wife to go get me more beer this aint going to go over well wish me luck" 
"rt user dude in dunkin donuts asked me if i was jadakiss father !" 
"rt user if you skip the meat you could save 200 animals per year and 220,000 gallons of water. . 
"rt user (to the guy who just delivered my pizza) text me when u get home so i know ur safe" 
"rt user come to our annual pancake breakfast! a ticket will get you 3 pancakes, eggs, and your choice of meat! . 
"eatin cheese like it's her j-o-b. happy birthday little gem! ruby user user . 
"pure savage. pure legend. . 
"user oooh! love that bottle opener! (also, real sugar in soda. yummy!)" 
"why do peopke think im a good cook??? can barely make a grilled cheese" 
"user make his ass eat chick-fil-a" 
"rt user say it louder for the ppl inside pizza hut they aint here you from inside . 
"rt user i wouldnt call myself a connoisseur of chicken strips but.... . 
"rt user i love "going hollywood" by retweeting burger king and lock heed martin 1000 times" 
"rt user turns out fat donna from the estate agents has an incurable disease. must mention that to her next time i see her s " 
"how to get your boss to like you: i got you a bunch of taco bell gift cards" 
"rt user there is nothing more satisfying than seeing racists get what racists deserve . 
"heres the real reason why chick-fil-a is closed on sundays . . 
"rt user passengers forcibly removed this man from the subway for repeatedly screaming the n-word . 
"rt user havent ordered pizza hut in a while i wonder if theyre worried about me" 
"randomly having the worst jack in the box craving " 
"boo. the forever 21 x taco bell collection is sold out." 
"rt user jay said "let's get it" at the end of his subway ad who wants to call the police . 
"rt user not only did he say the n-word, he got drunk off a lime-a-rita. he deserved to get his ass beat. . 
"rt user dove &amp; chick-fil-a just gone have to call me a nigger to my face " 
"just posted a photo @ starbucks middle east . 
"rt user when a mcdonalds employee slides in an extra nugget . 
"rt user we have the venison. 10-21-2017 . 
"rt user whataburger . 
"nyc rapper princess nokia takes credit for throwing hot soup at subway rider shouting racial slurs . via user 
"subway stations could soon allow you to walk through without needing to tap your card . . &lt; w" 
"hardee's hawaiian chicken sandwich . 
"mcdonald's free app download . 
"rt user subway stations could soon allow you to walk through without needing to tap your card . 
"rt user police hunting for serial subway masturbator . rich take uber,the welfare r home &amp;the mayor takes chopper" 
"rt user sure, shit's bleak, but remember: we're all gonna be so fucking dead soon. none of this matters. eat arbys" 
"rt user having some fun starbucks . 
"i've got texas to take the w in this week's user rivalrybeef! who's got your vote? . 
"rt user just always have your next move planned. play chess not checkers. keep sumn tucked, just in case you fall and nobody ther" 
"rt user ad celebrate national cheesecurdday by visiting user with a friend and you could get some cheese curds free! " 
"is this really how you run your business, user ? inventory piled up during business hours. not a good look." 
"one day away from pink dunkin donuts. see you at century automotive fri the 13th. 6a-10a. can wait! . 
"i'm just saying, you can become my best friend by giving me a large iced mocha coffee with extra syrup from mcdonalds mccafe" 
"ordered a grande psl and the barista made me a venti... user knew this 12hr shift is about to be a struggle." 
"the venison sandwich will be available nationwide at user on the 21st. &gt;&gt; . will you try . 
"i never posted this yesterday but my lunch date wanted subway when . 
"rt user you guys have no schezwan sauce? no- i want schezwan sauce! where's! my! schezwan! sauce! im pickle rickkkkk, wubb " 
"krystal's birthday party at smtown theatre 4f at 8:30pm kst. oct 24, 2017 . 
"taco bell just released a fashion line, and its kind of amazing . 
"ive been at burger king for 3 hours. its only 7" 
"do you why there was a starbucks cup in tumblr?s logo?... . journalism ?" 
"subway never got back to me the pricks" 
"rt user apparently mcdonald's brought back the szechuan sauce? but not enough? and at some locations people rioted? and the " 
"rt user mcdonalds sends every store 20 packets of "rick and morty" sauce. fans waited all night in line find out, immediately ebay th" 
"rt user here at the san jose mcdonalds. this is our reaction to the shortage of szechuansauce giveusthesauce rickandmorty http" 
"rt user eye to eye? kfc glorietta. aldub117thweeksary . 
"rt user leo martinez schools millennials on how to enjoy kfc teriyaki shots in different ways . 
"user user user user dude, you weren't joking. bk shady as hell." 
"rt user and even still.... . 
"rt user chipotle's got nothing on moes" 
"user the correct name for the eastern regional burger is the green chile double roll that out nationwide just once plsssss" 
"rt user user why did you get rid of spicy nuggets? i am heartbroken." 
"rt user if a burger needs anything but meat and fire, it's not our kind of burger. . 
"taco bell 29135 2300 bessemer super hwy birmingham 35208 scored 84 on 2017-10-10 . 
"rt user i dont need a curve on a test. i need whataburger." 
"rt user trump plays checkers, while those around him play 3-d chess investigative leads are being pursued. good things are hap" 
"rt user quinze ronalds mcdonalds invadem lanchonete do burger king . . 
"rt user so user just stopped selling their spicy chicken nuggets and honestly 2017 is officially even worse than 2016 " 
"javon misses bus = perfect starbucks opportunity " 
"rt user starbucks promo utk students. buy one free one till 15 nov. tunjuk students id je. promojoemy . 
"rt user mcdonalds, starbucks, burger king ve fg . 
"last night consisted of my screen cracking, getting a ticket, and mcdonalds was closed!! lol why?????????" 
"i'm at starbucks in athens, al . 
"user a little thursday motivation . 
"rt user democracy alliance was created in 2005 by a handful of major donors, including billionaire financier george soros a " 
"having a blast at hillcrestharvestfest today! come on out and see us. we're across from the beer . 
"rt user imagine u walk into grandmas house it smell good af u go into the kitchen post malone standing there with a plate of coo" 
"rt user weekend goals? beer staches all around. cheers to 25 years, okc! 25yearsbtb seeokc . 
"rt user chowing down on some chocolate bacon with user at ozarksbaconfest . 
"drinking a fat tire by user @ rock house . photo" 
"$4 big craft beer saturday and the hog game on all the tv's!!!! see you at jose's!!!" 
"what kind of pizza are you? . 
"maybe the "manna" in the bible was banana nut bread. yeah, i'm gonna go with that" 
"i just earned the 'photogenic brew (level 14)' badge on user . 
"user best burgers ...need cheese on them fries" 
"user "that i can tell.." he laughed and got through the half of his before going to get the fries and ketchup." 
"rt user a rare picture of camila after she fainted from overeating of cheese and ham . 
"check out this pizza snack. . . 
"rt user beautiful chocolate cake. . 
"oh that sucks. well you know dude i guess i need to sleep tehehe bye. -runs as fast as possible- . 
"game time 6pm @ craft beer cellar cbchotsprings beerlover gametime gameface arkansas alabama beerspecials . 
"hey user guess its time to go grab a cold one (soda, of course) we gave it our all!" 
"rt user played lb/dt/de on d last night. played slot, h and fullback on o &amp; punted twice for 40 plus. footballplayer " 
"hideaway pizza on yelp: i am a fan of this pizza! i love that they offer ranch or extra sauce. i've always been a . 
"user suggestion: geno's east. deep dish. crumbled sausage. extra cheese! p.s. leave time for cooking bef . 
"breaking bread with the goons at la costa. @ la costa . 
"chocolate chip pizza from puzza inn never disappoints" 
"i fell asleep eating a slice of pizza in bed last night.." 
"i'm eating fresh bread from a small bakery on the porch of my rural farm. am i trad yet?" 
"tomorrow free food, byob friendly, beer pong . .." 
"best fruit soda. go." 
"folks i dont have a drinking problem, at a beer fest" 
"rt user i take them wrapped in bacon . 
"user here we are the store little windy out me in t-shirt and jeans my baby cakes &lt;3 . 
"rt user 102k!!! holy cheese, seokjin woke up a monster shiganeul slow down!, please stay for a little more please baby! calm" 
"rt user watford: chelsea what's wrong why are you crying chelsea: we lost to crystal palace and arsenal are laughing at us watfor" 
"rt user i drank lean baby i don't drink beer " 
"how many burgers do you think i eat jesus christ . 
"as arkansas says, "hold my beer" . 
"rt user kevin bacon is on my flight. which means that right now there are zero degrees of separation between me and kevin bacon." 
"user gravies for the gravy god! pimiento cheese for the pimiento cheese union" 
"rt user gump worsley was known to stop at least one shot per game with the can of beer he was drinking while in goal. . 
"it's pizza, popcorn, cookie and pickled peppers month. which do you choose?" 
"rt user i woke up with a slice of pizza in bed last night" 
"rt user a read of the whole damn show - no doubt user deserves her spot on rhonj now. . 
"rt user 'threw a naan bread on my record player and this happened' . 
"user user we were 2 beer and a cpt.&amp;coke in for the first pic. add 4 more beer to that total now" 
"i just wanna make halloween cookies with my non existent boo" 
"vegan pizza party - veganpizza yum hearthealthy veggies veganbaking . 
"rt user on this day in 1978 president jimmy carter signed hr 1337 legalizing home brewing &amp; making the us craft beer industry p" 
"for user ... poor life choices. . 
"rt user had a great night at the hot springs beer festival last night! come on out and see us again today from 10am until " 
"i want crazy bread" 
"voted best fried catfish! soulfishcafelittlerock getyoursoulfishon @ soul fish cafe - little rock . 
"rt user fried chicken . 
"user user lol nah but fr fr no cap, he was bout to cry because he aint have enough bread for the light b . 
"user i dont think god cares about football. but yes, the beer works." 
"rt user im getting a pizza tattoo that way if i look at it when im like 23 and still working at a pizza place, ill just end it" 
"rt user drinking beer to get drunk takes too much effort aka too many pee breaks. booze is much more effective. more bang for you" 
"rt user less sugar, more fruit. less meat, more veggies. less soda, more water. less worry, more sleep. less words, more action" 
"rt user vegans dont miss bacon, eggs or milk they miss not being introduced as the vegan at every family outing then being ask" 
"rt user duo combo or triple combo ? /yall be forgetting bout the mayonnaise yoo/ got7 yugyeom mark bambam ketchup " 
"rt user beef and beer? yes please. . 
"user user who wants more beer? this guy! . 
"one. slice of user 5-meat stuffed pizza. family size. cut in 8ths. this is a daggum double decker pizza!! o . 
"user you good long as you got bread to eat &amp; shit you got my # still?" 
"they're really out here playing daft punk in chuck e. cheese" 
"rt user i call for a complete wendys ban for disrespecting my cult but abusing this lingo. there will be no baby found in w " 
"young donuts . 
"im voting for walkers smoky bacon! chooseorlose . 
"rt user cookies n cream ice cream cake . 
"rt user young makeup . 
"i was supposed to eat one slice of pizza and ended up eating five smh" 
"if you read one biblicalfiction novel, let it by lydia's story! bread of angels by user . 
"rt user how to get free pizza . 
"rt user pumpkin mac and (no)cheese - the perfect fall comfort food!! . vegan . 
"rt user rt for yeast rolls from texas roadhouse like for olive garden bread sticks . 
"just added mosaic gold by user to our menu . 
"i wanted to throw /spill my beer at /on this guy but not enough people were dancing to make it seem like an "accident" " 
"rt user had a taste for some good pizza today @ nancy's pizza camp creek . 
""give us this day our daily bread" the present is the only time in which any duty can be done or any grace receiv . 
"user what is this? this is how our pizza arrived. . 
"user i'll be at your show in fayetteville, ar in a couple weeks. i'll buy ya a beer." 
"rt user seb just bought us pizza wow king . 
"you want a beer" 
"rt user ask me if i just had 20 mini pizza bagels." 
"mint chocolate chip cake -- one of my most loved recipes ever!! printable recipe: . . 
"rt user user just tell them bacon makes everything better. . 
"rt user when u stop drinking soda and start drinking water . 
"user this is a real question. usually a few items out of stock, but today more than half the list. i do pic . 
"so my 8yr old, baby j, requested mussels, sausage &amp; salad for dinner. no problem son! babyj . 
"rt user gluten-free on the go! here are three fantastic ways to swap the bread and lose the gluten . ht" 
"i actually hate poutine. unpopular opinion, but idgaf cheese curds are disgusting" 
"amp fest is the place to be this saturday-beer, music &amp; tech ampfest2017 . 
"did you know the bible exposes the lies of false religion? realtalk breaknchains bread . 
"rt user a great new tradition at sdsu tailgating - grilled cheese sandwiches at the valley queen cheese tent . 
"rt user everyone's doing coke and i just want some pizza." 
"ampfest. good music. good beer. amplivefeed imaginemore @ arkansas music pavilion . 
"i liked a user video . sunrail commuter train and cheese sticks commercial" 
"rt user if you have coconut oil &amp; baking soda, you can have clean teeth! --&gt;. . 
"rt user the difference between biscuit and cookies is simple, if e pass n100 no be biscuit again, dat one na cookies" 
"man those user cookies are incredible. nice treat on saturday afternoon" 
"rt user $12.50 for $20 worth of italian pizzeria cuisine for two or more at d'amore's pizza - . 
"rt user low carb cheese and ham breakfast cups leanin15 . 
"rt user chocolate chip cookies that are delectable, low-carb, no sugar and perfect for this time of year! " 
"you know what rhymes with saturday? beer. . 
"rt user i have the worst buyer remorse. bought myself shoes i actually needed and am still thinking how much pizza i could have boug" 
"user i mean, i prefer other pizza, but it's not bad \_()_/" 
"rt user fuck the wheat and white bread. im eating my sandwiches with this bread . 
"rt user so she lovin the crew? . 
"rt user but they do! . 
"this is the most precious thing i have ever seen . 
"rt user smashed the homies? drake rumored to be homeboy humping bella hadid's airmax loving cakes after the weeknd " 
"i want a beer" 
"rt user elder millennial archetype: descend from the animaniac tribe, survive on pizza bagels. memories of tv and not parents" 
"please someone do this with me but i wanna make the cookies too . 
"new jalapeno cheddar mac &amp; cheese from user list of 6 healthiest packaged side dishes! . 
"only locals laugh at this . 
"make sure to listen to my newest episode "3 pizza delivery horror stories v3" comment what you . 
"it's my 5th time at dunkin donuts since it opened this month, i need to get on that dd app lmao" 
"eternal search for my peanut butter chocolate cake with kool aid" 
"we had a blast celebrating ezra turning 10 at circustrixoc! friends, pizza, cake and climbing, . 
"user user he's living prove that kids should not eat so much fast food and junk food. i don't even let . 
"rt user if you dont encourage my intellectual, artistic, or spiritual growth i will not be sharing my pizza with you. maybe you ca" 
"rt user ice cream chocolate cake. . 
"rt user all i really care about is pizza and like 4 people." 
"rt user breaking bad homeowners are sick of people throwing pizza on their roof . 
"rt user this why i dont drink soda rt user coke: drink it or hack it? . 
"make halloween cookies and watch scary movies . 
". what can companies like user do to protect customers who just want to enjoy a burger and beer with friends?" 
"rt user tired: touch my butt and buy me pizza wired: . 
"user lol not me. i act tf out no more beer for dymond .... jk i'm getting drunk tonight" 
"chinese and pizza always look so good on tv " 
".user listens to beer for breakfast. user is smart. be more like user 91x sdbeer . 
"user it's at afk lounge in sj! it's $25 for 6 hours of pc time with some pizza 95 $30 for 7 hours. starts . 
"where is the bacon" 
"rt user steaming tenders special lobster &amp; butternut squash risotto dinebest food foodporn events banquets wine " 
"rt user i wish this buffoon walked into my work place and tried some shit like this and see wtf happens stick to your day " 
"the rainy girls team's beer raffle has raised over $1200 for user &amp; we have a week left to go! don't miss out . 
"rt user i just wanna go on cute dates, carve some pumpkins,bake some cookies,watch scary halloween movies,go to the pumpkin pa" 
"its been a helluva week and this is the dead irish poet craft beer ill be having tonight. yes im . 
"an authentic philly cheese steak sandwich...yes, with cheese wiz campos . 
"young goat cheese . 
"a dream to work with you user . your team mirrors your natural hospitality. photos by derek richmond c . 
"rt user i really dont like that mexican cheese that smells like patas" 
"rt user do it for the bread ppl!!!!! &amp; of course lambda too . 
"user i thought it said pizza, hugs, and a bottle of vodka. lol" 
"user pastor user "2 corinthians" secondcorinthians bragged about drinking wine&amp;eating cookies 2 . 
"so,no loud speakers trucks giving out info in pr!? d bread man, fish man truck did!" 
"rt user idk why y'all get a kick out of making minimum wage workers' jobs harder but it's gross as fuck . 
"boom! . . 
"womenboycotttwitter damn, it's a total sausage party in here. i'm out. user u getting the point?" 
"cybersecurity chicago repeals its soda tax . infosec" 
"rt user super simple southwest grilled cheese recipe . 
"what is this ugly trend of people intentionally making people's jobs harder they don't get paid enough for this shit . 
"hes a business, man : why didnt i think of that : i am beyond amazed of my boy. he created a pizza box that... . 
"rt user just what everyone wants at a party; drunks thrusting beer bottles at your groin. . 
"dick trickle flashbackfriday miller beer nascar . 
"me: going to start eating healthy. also me: can i dip my pizza into ranch dressing?" 
"rt user why chicago's sodatax fizzled after two months and what it means for the anti-soda movement . 
"rt user salad tastes pretty good once you add some pizza and get rid of the salad" 
"i just earned the 'hotel hopper (level 6)' badge on user . 
"zume scores $48 million in funding to expand its robotic pizza empire . . 
"brought a load back with me from my trip . 
"rt user golden game friday! : vs 2 stanford : pauley : 6 pm : free fidget spinners : free cookies : chance to win a " 
"8:30am breakfast: portobello mushroom w/ goat cheese, a sunny side up egg w/jalapeo over a . 
"but flatulence is one of humankind's great pleasures. . 
"rt user french fries are like insecurities, you cant have just one." 
"young egg and cheese . 
"user remember gulati use to drive a van getting the players pizza. i think those are the decisions he should . 
"we (me &amp; the kid) got sick this weekend. no bread sat or sun, sorry!" 
"if you tryna come match, i might have a plate of mac &amp; cheese, dressing and collard greens for ya" 
"looks like you just missed this, user . 
"user they already did!! w the cheetos restaurant. well i think it was the cheese ones but still theyre trying it lmao" 
"cookies for cops? yes, please! check out the album full of sweetkindness at . . 
"user yes brooo we gotta get this bread" 
"rt user cookies for cops? yes, please! check out the album full of sweetkindness at . . 
"the leave are changing in cinnamon sugar skies. pastry cake dessert @ beverly wilshire, a . 
"i'm soo hungry rn and some donuts and a coffee sound so good rn :(" 
"damn i really want a bomb ass salad and pizza for lunch fuck breakfast today skip i want lunch " 
"rt user a teen with a bowl cut at a macklemore concert just asked me to buy him beer this is my rock bottom" 
"rt user new video with drew in 20 minutes where we get $1000 pizza . 
"rt user good_batch_bakery_ hooking up the famous fcw lucha cookies for this sunday!! they sell out fast, . 
"rt user his dad was a dead beat he was spending all that bread on designer 3 piece suits lets start a dialogue . 
"rt user viral video: texas beer ninja saves drink and takes down a woman with box of nachos . 
"rt user what if we found out the orange on trumps face was not make up but cheese popcorn dust? would that make you like him mor" 
"max muscle stockton has low carb simply delicious protein cookies sat 10/14 10 am, 5% off&gt;50 . 
"fun fact i really love donuts" 
"somebody saaaaaaaaave me.... save me. tried to please a bih it almost drove me crazy. broke bread wit some n**gas that was shady." 
"not many animals see the inside of a slaughter house and live to tell about it. come see the cows who ran for their . 
"user grandparent visiting so we are having "fun" foods. the pizza killed me and i can't do it anymore. my b . 
"rt user these are the ingredients lurking in bacon that the meat industry doesn't want you to know about... . 
"basic bitch just happened. i'm pretty sure u can afford $10 for my pumpkin spice frapp and sausage biscuit. . 
"user user we know that feeling! did you ever get some pizza?" 
"santa barbara county fire hosts annual pancake breakfast fundraiser. . . 
"user i took the pastry connoisseur feat" 
"owners of the house from 'breaking bad' are tired of fans throwing pizza on their roof . . 
"user beautifultraumatour is selling like hot cakes - fast! we still have tickets on-sale! don't miss out on the o . 
"rt user 171013 wannaoneinmanila wannaoneinph # haahah pink sausage ver of fire . 
"..i cant tell if its meat or cheese" 
"rt user hot dogs. and ketchup." 
"user the macc and cheese to real" 
"rt user pizza fans in nyc, don't miss this epic event. chefs cooking neapolitan . . 
"rt user bringing cold pizza to the world tomorrow my new project will be available everywhere watch this change my " 
"in particular would love recs for: - art - history - architecture - coffee - beer - walking - parks and gardens - anything spectacular" 
"rt user about to hit 10k followers and i'd like to use my platform to say: putting ketchup on fries ruins them; fries should be" 
"rt user user omg when i see you well celebrate with gf pizza and wine! love you" 
"young- southern fried chicken strip with a side of fried pickles, mac n cheese, and greens . 
"everything bagel tater tot stuffed with cream cheese!!! . . 
"i liked a user video . how to make bacon wrapped hot dog" 
"rt user rebellious miley cyrus appears in painful images as she drinks a beer being without pants just in a bra &gt;&gt;. 
"user mmmmm. im so hungry. oooh, i have donuts in the car" 
"rt user be the rockefeller of your family, my family couldn't afford a loaf of bread, i hustled until we could afford a bakery." 
"spiced with cinnamon and cloves, this chilled apple beer punch is perfect cocktail for . via user all_thats_jas" 
"if you run 2 miles, you can eat 2 donuts. that's the rule.... right? " 
"user user user haha... i'll start once i finish my egg,bacon cheese and hash brown croissant " 
"user .... buffalo sauce latte &amp; bacon flavored latte...? and i thought pumpkin spice latte was weird." 
"my fam has been on this wave since the beginning of time . 
"updated user beer list. . 
"i love the smell of freshly baked bread from the bakery. the car smells amazing right now " 
"user but there's no bacon . 
"wouldve never made it on def jam . 
"was this little stunt worth the 1 or 2 laughs you got on twitter? was it worth ruining everyones meal and making th . 
"user i still trust pubs - but only if the beer is good." 
"she got dat cheese makaaaaa earthquakaaaa rump shakaaaa" 
"who cares . 
"rt user owners of the 'breakingbad house are done with your pizzatossing bullshit: . - user user 
"an easy halloween pumpkin cookies recipe . recipes via user . 
"rt user badass donuts idareyou @ paramount studios . 
"to papa john's and little caesars pizzas: offer vegan cheese pizza! . 
"rt user people disrespecting others and their property for clout is a lame ass wave yall are on like this shit isnt funny . 
"user is a boat load of knowledge this morning. i discovered i do almost everything wrong. from bras, to string cheese. damn" 
"give me a keg of beer. . 
"dear brooklyn. someday i hope to have pizza there with my 90 yr. old aunt kay but not pumpkin spice. i live in cal . 
"rt user is water wet? . 
"eating pizza with more than two toppings leads to the rejection of the lord and his holy word" 
"rt user they. politicized. french fries. (2003) and ketchup (2004) . 
"user i am classy, also colorado donuts in eagle rock" 
"rt user check out user timeline to see photos she took in syria that show how "moderate rebels" targeted flour mill " 
"cnn 9:09am president to announce new u.s.-iran strategy president to announce new u.s.-|ran strategy. . perry bacon fivethirtyeight" 
"rt user jump.... . 
"sir, you're a grown ass man..this is fucking embarrassing. . 
"rt user beer anyone . gaming nintendo . 
"rt user i want some like pasta or cheesy assss pizza" 
"i was slammin hella honey buns and zebra cakes yesterday " 
"user the beer would fall everywhere!" 
"rt user baking soda is a powerful cleaning agent. here are five ways to use baking soda around the house. " 
"user thanx joey-donuts! i like u too!! i can be quite bundy-esque sometimes though. i'm a blonde, after all." 
"im eating on you niggas. ketchup. im eating on you niggas cant catch up." 
"rt user cartoon tony romo looks like he belongs on a frozen pizza box . 
"come join brotzeit lokal for a special "sunday ma" ($10 liters of craft beer) this coming sunday (10/15/17) we... . 
"user user and while your at it alyssa, can you buy banana donuts and white cupcakes w/white fro . 
"rt user that wasnt a "stage dive" that was the patented user "platinum pancake pile driver" he is bringing back th " 
"this guy dm on my beer page and is tying to be nice or whatever. and wants to have a beer. kkayy" 
"eggs over halloumi cheese. yum! . 
"user thats a good beer. cheers!!" 
"gonna get my eyebrows blown off, while i eat some fried rice with bacon in it" 
"rt user user user fuck hawaiian bread . 
"user user gravy. vinegar. ketchup. " 
"tgif! it's friday... no excuses needed for beignets and beer user happy hour starts at 3! . 
"user hahah we agree on more things than it may seem. we should have a beer sometime!" 
"the bread of life esv bible . 
"rt user is dwayne bacon the real deal? . 
"that is one bizarre looking structure on weekly tf, surprised to see its still at 3-handle. ketchup move in the wor . 
"matcha green tea almond shortbread cookies preparation time: 8 min., cook time: 9 min. . . 
"user and donuts - what would you get? madebygoogle . 
"rt user this bacon-wrapped burger ring is gonna wow everyone at your next party . 
"excellent. - drinking a transilience by user at user . photo" 
"pepperoni pimento cheese, everything and puffed grain sourdough, basil. see you tonight . 
"user bc we all remember loving these cookies in elementary school when the teacher would bring em to class . 
"lame as hell . 
"dinner weds night 39 ka prao stir fried chicken with green beans . 
"rt user anybody that calls mozzarella sticks "cheese pulls" belongs in a mental institution. . 
"pumpkin breakfast cookies | easy healthy vegan cookie recipe . via user health diet" 
"rt user i guess i missed my chance to tell user about my too-die-for mac and cheese dish! . 
"rt user i don't understand people who bite string cheese rather than peel it. why do you want to remove the joy from a very fun" 
"rt user easy halloween cheese snacks ad babybeltarget healthyhalloween user . via user 
"user prolific. no shoes on the rug, leave them at the door. baby scale. 17 with a .39. pizza shop. on repeat. shit . 
"airmax loving cakes . 
"rt user i've just added a new artwork, "small double donuts" to my user shop via user oil painting art . 
"drinking a beer @ lax at 9am happy as a clam lol" 
"rt user this is awesome: russian river brewing company in santa rosa just announced a new sonomapride beer - 100% of proce " 
"this is so disturbing! clearly they are not talking about pizza's. if they are talking about pizza's then they... . 
"this job might be a great fit for you: part time deli/pizza counter - . retail sonoma, ca hiring careerarc" 
"clare is making me crazy . 
"factcheck: not ridiculous. when you make frenchfriesfriedright (in beef tallow) you improve flavor &amp; texture. . 
"rt user hold my beer . 
"cookies,#cupcakes,#dessert,#recipes,#lollipop,#bbq,#cakes,#cooking want to know more about fat burning recippe . 
"rt user if we talk after 12, our convos will get real personal. 12:00am: i like mac &amp; cheese 12:01am: i killed a man once" 
"could've should've would've - taken a profesh graduate photo but was ceebz waiting because champange and free cheese" 
"user pizza in the morning, pizza in the evening, pizza at supper time" 
"user so i asked, "was it cream cheese or butter? there's a difference" " 
"so....a triangle shaped pizza covered in cheeseburgers and shit. . 
"rt user im trynna order pizza and watch scary movies all night" 
""energy drinks: what are the health risks?" healthcare . . 
"wish i was cute to show this nigga what he lost, instead im fucken dead bread you feed to the ducks" 
"bruh i'm sayin . 
"fuck you dude . 
"user user doesn't make it less horrific and a crime against beer and humanity." 
"user truth! i love user they're seriously amazing gluten-free bread." 
"see also: heartburn-inducing. undrinkable. overabundant. . 
"'the addams family' to get animated in movie by 'sausage party' director . . 
"another classic beer lost in history, duke's beer the pa legend: . penn vintage beers brewery bottles cans tee" 
"something johnkerry &amp; his ketchup queen teresaheinz will never have...official white house portraits . 
" getting into your refeed cheatday like... pizza carbs truelove cleaneating . 
"tgweho fall salad | candy persimmon | pickled cranberry | toasted papita | bacon lardon | bleu . 
"definitely soup, bro. . 
"someone else was listening to npr this morning too? . 
"rt user butter chicken mac 'n' cheese . 
"user pizza and selfies!!!" 
"rt user on to the toast or just squirting in general? never thought of using that as a spread. . 
"my husband, chef ray lara odell making sourdough bread! chefraymondla sourdough . 
"and the sexual abuse has to stop. thank you to the whistleblowers and the heroes that see something and say somethi . 
"john didn't say cheese on that picture taken skeemsaam . 
"rt user this!! and the eu bloody supports it!! hardbrexit finalsolution ducks . 
"rt user drake must have come thru with the air maxs so homeboy.....got it . 
"friday is traditionally 'fish' night, and no plaice finer than user - and look..... free chips ( as per . 
"user do they depict gelsons magic ability to look at whole foods prices (pre-amazon buyout) and say hold my beer" 
"rt user (tuscan sausage &amp; potato soup) via . - . . 
"two eggs any style. served with toast and a choice of hash browns or home fries. $3.95. deserthotsprings . 
"rt user well your friday the 13th aint going so bad sis . 
"user i do drink soda occasionally if it's a special kind or during cons if the place doesn't have iced tea . 
"user make sure you enjoy some psychedelic pizza on your journey . 
"seats available for the sat. nov. 4th session of importing wine, beer, spirits for pleasure and profit in toronto. . 
"rt user plies wasnt having it with dunkin donuts today! user . 
"rt user kinda wanna workout kinda wanna eat loaded cheese fries kinda wanna nap for five days kinda wanna get my life together by" 
"energy drinks cause new father's skull to collapse, loses part of his brain . 
"$24.98 rasta imposta beer pint costume, gold, one size halloween costumes . . 
"germany: come for the beer, stay for the infrastructure. expansionindex . . 
"user happy birthday adri!!!!!!! better ready to shot gun that beer later lol" 
"user user congrats on the badge! do you nearly always take a photo of your beer?" 
"user more bacon." 
"user user if you think getting pizza is fun, then yes! you've never been to our place?" 
"rt user chrissy teigen boycotting twitter as well, god bless i won't have to see her wonder bread slice face anymore" 
"first time at dunkin' donuts. @ dunkin' donuts . 
"you want a beer yuo get out of here. queeer" 
"my co workers send me pictures of beer and tacos saying they miss me " 
"rt user i want my boyfriends d*ck shoved down mine . 
"i'm not a democrat, republican, communist, or any label i'm a human being willing to share the bread at my table" 
"watching a cafeteria full of k - 5 kids deal with a bagel and cream cheese with plastic spoons is both cute and... . 
"every time you mention friday the 13th, kevin bacon makes 30 cents in gratuity payments." 
"rt user hey user your pals play dominos on cheese &amp; pasta. this is the kind of dominos user plays! . 
"class ended early i got my cookies its friday i love my life right now" 
"new digest! trump admin strikes clean power plan, undermines aca exchanges; chicago's soda tax repealed; ca burns . 
"user user wait--- there's a halftime beer garden?!" 
"i'll be at oozefest w/user this saturday afternoon for their grilled cheese eating challenge. user will be doing it with me" 
"rt user it unfairly burdens low-income people in a capitalist society that suppresses access to healthy food and drink? . 
"drinking a whiskey barrel aged lugene by user @ road 34 . photo" 
"how have your snacking habits changed since learning about sargento natural cheese snacks? ad sargentocrowd . 
"user if olive oil is made out of olives, and vegetable oil is made out of vegetables, then what is baby oil made out of??" 
"rt user rickandmortysnextadventure maybe since they brought back mcdonalds szechuan sauce they can bring back the chicken " 
"rt user watch to find out why this mac n cheese is green . 
"cass and i decorated these cookies and they are so freakin awesome weve just been sitting at the table for 20 minutes staring at them" 
"rt user donuts! . 
"where could a person get mac and cheese this time of night? asking for a friend." 
"beerz. pizza. games. friends. (@ pork and pony palace in colorado springs, co) . 
"itssexierifyouadd beer and crisps. . 
"rt user a web series where i go to diners all over the country, they tell me all about their specialty, and i order a ham and chees" 
"rt user why is it ok for trump supporters to criticize nfl players for kneeling during the anthem, when 99.99% of them are " 
"i hate to be a realist but beer and tacos can only solve so much in this world truth" 
"blue orange blossoms lavender i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
"cubs' joe maddon compares plate-blocking rule to recently-repealed chicago soda tax news . 
"rt user when everyone's asleep so you go downstairs and raid the bread basket . 
"rt user beer-promotion industry continues to grow in co: . keep it up, user user user 
"rt user chocolate mint oreo cake. . 
"aliceblue watching i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
"rt user joe maddon really hates something called the soda tax. what is this "soda" thing he speaks of? . 
"rt user cookie butter puff pastry is delicious but lets be real, id eat cookie butter off a broken rusty pipe" 
"user user beer&gt;" 
"i just earned the 'middle of the road (level 5)' badge on user . 
"goneaway by half acre beer company found at the forge publick house. bring a friend!" 
"rt user why would someone leave a perfectly good loaf of bread on the ground . 
"when darkness fall beer . 
"im that of girl who keeps eating chocolate cookies while crying with a romantic movie." 
"user yes, spread the cinn bread with butter and sprinkle a little sugar on top, then broil. heaven." 
"i live close to one of the town's bars &amp; i made the mistake by coming here for a quick beer. literally nobody in their early (or late) 20s" 
"i want hot cheetos, takis, gatorade, mexican candy,halloween cookies , a pumpkin, halloween socks/blanket, face masks,&amp; old halloween movies" 
"rt user here in west tx they believe in three things: tacos, tequila, and beer." 
"rt user i just had the cutest pizza delivery man :,)))" 
"user what kind of pizza?" 
"user user oh man. i woulda gone for the beer floats!!" 
"rt user pizza too damn good i lost my mind !!! the kicked me out because insaid their pizza is good . 
"i used to tailgate, go to games, and still party afterwards. today i monitored tailgates, ate pizza, and am ready for bed. ifeelold" 
"rt user i want hot cheetos, takis, gatorade, mexican candy,halloween cookies , a pumpkin, halloween socks/blanket, face masks,&amp; old" 
"rt user i want long island pizza delivered to me as i study rn " 
"one beer and im done. partyhardbro" 
"rt user if you're old enough to die for my freedom, you're old enough for me to buy you a frickin beer. free koozies at " 
"rt user user "as a basketball book, it is only passable at best. as a book about cake versus bread categorization, " 
"asu for all the cookies!" 
"rt user if you didnt drink a beer in the shower at 4pm did you even saturday??" 
"love too cross highway bridges drunk on foot to score 3.2 beer and cheetohs after the hotel shops close . 
"asu has no time for your fancy pants clock management jive. they have some beer bong'n to get to! grip it and rip it!" 
"rt user the question of whether we are alone in the universe remains unanswered but this is definitely a hamster eating piz " 
"rt user im the man who had the cheese . 
"rt user i liked a user video . bernie mac original "milk &amp; cookies"" 
"rt user id let you scramble my eggs with your sausage. -breakfast sext" 
"that bacon on my burger made me savor the bite oh so much more. i can see why these animals are worshipped and hated! drool!" 
"rt user my entire food consumption today has consisted of a coffee, a piece of pizza and a glass of wine in case you were w " 
"bubba dogswhofly chopping or instead i run and eat trash like a little baby i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
"my wife texted me a story of a dude smashing a pizza into some girls face at work tonight and it has totally derailed what i was doing." 
"rt user security guard: you can't bring open containers of alcohol in here. me: this is a service beer." 
"rt user looks like you caused the break up with those cookies . 
"after cheese melts, why does it not re-solidify into its same cheesy ness when you first bought it" 
"using cocoa butter moisturizer is challenging cause you smell like chocolate all day and constantly look around for cookies." 
"shimmering cream soda tinted jumbo lip balm giveaway . 
"i like pizza . 
"rt user when oprah said "i love bread"... i felt that." 
"this slice of pizza is unnecessary but life rn!!!" 
"should be a holiday! . 
"rt user [whispering sweet nothings in my ear] him: you're beautiful...you smell so good me: meh him: donuts...ice cream...cookies" 
"rt user i really want a sonic grilled cheese and i dont know why" 
"enter here for your chance to win 1 of 5 weekly $100 gift cards from frigo cheese. no purchase necessary. see rules . 
"i fkn love diet soda" 
"rt user a fkn mood. . 
"rt user user bih im tryna make cookies and have my titties sucked " 
"pizza at night is the best " 
"young 8 mini donuts . 
""these french shortbread cookies practically melt in your mouth" via the craftsy blog: . . 
"fliiby beer bubbles . 
"ideal date you ask ? wild game and over priced beer, hands down. " 
"rt user i wanna be the one you drunk text first when youre out of beer at 3 a.m." 
"user sounds like a great name for beer distributor." 
"rt user this photoset smells like toe cheese and vape juice . 
"rt user why do they look like hipster white boys that obsess over craft beer :/ . 
"newyorkdog bron cheese anemones got any chips?? ivory day i wish i could eat steak for every meal" 
"this picture smells like cat piss and moldy pizza . 
"rt user user awww. i couldve bought you a bottle of beer. chz. " 
"my nervous for my practical for my midterm cuz i dont wanna get something thats very time consuming like yeast bread and puff pastry smhhh" 
"13 love not sleep, lest thou come to poverty; open thine eyes, and thou shalt be satisfied with bread. 14 it is... . 
"i really hope i get a quick bread and pate a choux for the practice since its not as time consuming " 
"via user - denver's best pizza restaurants. congrats denver deep dish! . 
"ay youre a fucking pussy you wont beer bong a four loco rn... . 
"user this cat cosplaying a knight who says 'ni!' with a dunkin' donuts bag approves. . 
"user sorry i don't want my delicious refreshing soda to unnecessarily overfilling" 
"rt user this image represents pain suffering death for your food not mine, reach into your heart for the compassion that li " 
"user the trendsetter of cheese kimbab, sana senior. it would be a delightful pleasure if we could be friends. how's life?" 
"rt user jalapeno-cashew cheese brings spice to vegan diets . outfam, outdoorfamilies" 
"no its not a beer . 
"swing by the usa cycling van for free beer from user . 
"rt user ketchup is love. and ketchup on french fries is dirty screaming monkey love." 
"rt user wait... you're a pizza delivery driver. you would think you of all people would want a minimum wage increase .. y' " 
"some niggas are like white bread just boring and bland " 
"rt user don't hit me with a "wyd" text unless you're gonna pick me up n take me on a date that involves mac n cheese" 
"user user young 4 big daddy bacon burger combo with wild fries and a medium mug rootbeer" 
"ive had a piece of pizza, 10+ cheetos and a few vodka red bulls. . 
"young 4 big daddy bacon burger combo with wild fries and a medium mug rootbeer . 
"rt user just woke up with empty beer bottles and a parachute laying next to my bed... oh wait, never mind... g'morning " 
"primroses tan know anywwhere to get some dank ramen i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
"hi i would just like to announce that mcdonalds chicken tenders are the . thank u have a nice night" 
"cheese bergamots floralwhite all or instead i run and eat trash like a little baby" 
"everytime i think wow shit cannot possibly be more fucked up than this humans go "hold my beer" what the actual fuck is wrong with people" 
"how you wanna party , but don't even got yo bread right ?" 
"elec035 - sound science - furbie cakes - keep it simple stup . callywoodradio gotwood" 
"rt user a 33-year-old woman has eaten nothing but cheese pizza for the last 31 years." 
"user i like lays cheddar bacon mac &amp; cheese sooperbroncossweepstakes" 
"rt user user sending you a hug sweet pea. when you get back let's have a pjs &amp; video games night &amp; eat pizza &amp; gig " 
"c+k throwback: olive oil salted caramel brownie cookies . recipe" 
"given our colorado location, and we know not everyone drinks coffee, how about this awesome beer stein? beer . stein" 
"the pizza place i went to today got meat on my pizza...it's the second time this has happened, and i was just too tired to confront them." 
"this is being shared all over the net by some cheese dick no doubt the brainless sheep will believe it. two words " . 
"rt user if you're reading this, send pizza." 
"rt user twitter.... we need your help!!! 30 subs and bacon wears jeggings!!!! retweet!!! . 
"rt user ur dirty if u drink beer" 
"user why you complaining about a sausage fest? who is you? " 
"also the other pizza place i went to last year literally got bacon on my pizza...it was the worst experience and felt like getting hit twice" 
"if you have mac and cheese and then add cheetos then you have found something amazing" 
"hot magenta lotus flowers aquamarine watching all and i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
"now playing more like casanova by soda pop music!" 
"aquawarrior sunn i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
"rt user i wanna slide in between some cakes." 
"user yes, would be very interesting to know who dad thr skittles/sausage contract. want to take bets?" 
"bacon wrapped green bean bundles . 
"i need to make this . 
"chocolate caramel s'mores cookies . cookierecipe" 
"rt user thomas jefferson popularized macaroni and cheese in the united states." 
"what's the tastiest dish you have cooked so far? homemade pizza! made from scratch, adding just the right amount . 
"why my teacher always drawing donuts on my papers? . 
"rt user sundaybrunch remembering marchesi milan pastry creation in the italian sweet tradition foodie food i know not " 
"user dude! this could be a nice change from your dick pastry. . 
"amazing that islamists are preaching hate &amp; evil inside the mosques and nothing is done about it. yet, bacon on dr . 
"user user a cold beer lol" 
"rt user as suspected, the 2nd half is gonna call for more beer. wps" 
"leprechaun hat beer cozy - free crochet pattern . crafts" 
"my favorite rating for cheese is g. i like g-rated cheese. parmesan, specifically." 
"user 8 pm kickoff. cold. cheaper beer at home. what's keeping anyone there? and honestly hughes was more beautiful. get real" 
"diy - pumpkin &amp; goat cheese tart . via user sundayblogshare recipes" 
"rt user taste the mystery, and try to solve it. new mystery flavored oreo cookies. in stores now. . . 
"rt user just bought myself a new english tea mug for when i'm eating my bacon sandwich . 
"user user reckful and soda the sneak mvps keeping na awake between games the past 2 weeks with 1am- . 
"dammmmn stop cheesen thingsweheardwhileplayingstreetfighter" 
"get pizza, no regrets jimin." 
"peach fritter bacon helenthedog chopping or instead i run and eat trash like a little baby" 
"this term digital bacon what on earth does it mean? . socialselling smm sales... by timothy_hughes" 
"rt user when you live in a country where "bacon crime" gains convictions but thousands of cases of fgm doesn't gain any, you know you a" 
"2 slice of pizza, all meat shawarma and frutti!! so busoog " 
"rt user farmers rise to gm-free cheese demand gmos gmo . /gw . 
"rt user what did neolithics eat after a hard day at stonehenge? sweet pork and rich cheese . 
"ima need my honey turkey &amp; bacon on a whole wheat bagel with a bag of onion &amp; garlic chips" 
"rt user top 10 things that are sugarcoated: 10 lips 9 lies 8 nuts 7 arsenic 6 donuts 5 def leppard 4 cookies 3 feelings 2 ce" 
"wait wait i fucked up whole wheat everything bagel ... tell em to throw the turkey on the grill &amp; the bacon better . 
"rt user cyanide and happiness pancake art . 
"rt user user its ok, youre in europe! its nongmo bread! instead of going straight to your adipose tissue it w " 
"rt user the lumberbaroninn violates the rights of people with special needs! boycott: "prost beer dinner" . 
"rt user do you even cheese board, bro? . 
"arat cambodia? . 
"the first couple scenes of hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy makes me wanna chug cheap beer but call it lager" 
"you left out "fucking their cousins". . 
"who do you think has the better french fries?" 
"episode 87 - nkosi the beer geek reasonable ignorance society podcast . . 
"winterfun 1963: a slice of bread and jam: one boys year of adventure, crippling poverty, abuse and an encounte . 
"rt user on the phone with a new girl: me: i'm coming to see you girls at the background: tell him to bring pizza for us. wh" 
"rt user that almost made me lose my coffee. lol . 
"might cop . 
"rt user user lets talk about this parka,what is it going to take to get my chunky, pizza loving body into one!? serio " 
"user you know whats not a waste of $50? beer" 
"rt user lady-like premiere. funny as heck film + pizza after = happy boy. . 
"i liked a user video . let's play breath of fire ii 04 - bring home the bacon" 
"dont fucking vape on the pizza" 
"new recipe from my wife, user i worked very hard testing batch after batch after batch of these. . 
"rt user "hold my beer and watch this" . 
"rt user trophy . 
"violets all i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! when is class over i want to go home and nap with the og herself" 
"user sure, take a single data point and extrapolate that to "ratings are down." i didn't buy beer yesterday, . 
"the latest the denver beer guy daily! . thanks to user craftbeer beer" 
"concrete, the best thing since chocolate chip cookies. intelligentconcrete research denver repost . 
"kick back, have a beer or three. youre home on the range. no need to drive. why do you love ranching? tell your s . 
"rt user methane seeps out as arctic permafrost starts to resemble swiss cheese. climatechange actonclimate science . 
"rt user 0. ask them if a construction worker's boss would disallow the use of power tools? . 
"macaroni and cheese lotus flowers freehelen" 
"rt user buy 1 user pizza w/ visa checkout, get your next pizza free while supplies last. terms and exclusions apply. . 
"rt user no more good wholemeal &amp; multigrain bread in our farmersmarket . have the makers already left because of brexit ?" 
"3.do you like milk and cookies i can t eat milk but i love cookies . 
"rt user meet nfl greats jason taylor, lawrence taylor and zach thomas at dunkin' donuts in lake worth . 
"happy sunbeam sunday me buddies! me has me eyes wide open fer bacon &amp; eggs this morning. come on over &amp; grab . 
"its bread/groundnut and coke! " 
"rt user bbq with cole slaw in a bread cone! homerun food fans! hungry now right? so good. foodie bbq . 
"some of us definitely have our priorities in the wrong order... sex bacon coffee meme humor . premiermugs funny" 
"rt user the joy of sausage rejectedcookbooktitles" 
"user user this is dangerous. telling people bread and rice -- consumed forever -- will cause "gen . 
""dark horse" artsculpture art artes beer brewery beerandbronze creativity bronzeart . 
"rt user it's time to wake up and smell the bacon...included in your toothsome milkshake. . 
"rt user user user this is dangerous. telling people bread and rice -- consumed forever -- will cause "gen " 
"this is dangerous. telling people bread and rice -- consumed forever -- will cause "genocide." bad word choice and . 
"rt user try adding some cookies &amp; cream protein to make your nationaldessertday a little healthier! teamrsp gainz . 
"rt user cubs manager joe maddon believes the collision rule at home plate is as equally as bad as the soda tax in chicago." 
"user a smiling woman drives up in a little electric car and sells u beer at 10:30a and nobody thinks it's weird. that's why." 
"icelandic fish n chips ... and good beer! fishandchips . 
"rt user tryin get in them cakes tonight" 
"rt user pizza hut hacked... . 
"dang wish you lived here cause chi chi got helllla . 
"user bring french fries and ill allow this " 
"drinking a merry monks by user at user . 
"i hate everything about myself and i want a slice of pizza" 
""i wear my tie like a child playing dress-up &amp; eat my steaks burnt to a crisp w/ ketchup because it pisses of libs! . 
"rt user you do know it failed so badly they just repealed it in chicago, right? . . 
"bacon. . 
"when you find out your hotel is round the corner from user where they have proper bacon . 
"please tell me liquor is in your system . 
"rt user 4 inflection points of us history: 1) revolution 2) civil war 3) invention of ketchup 4) unjust cancellation of dont tr" 
"user players were breaking their legs on tax-free soda?" 
"user user i hear theyre all aged and such. like not good aged like wine and cheese. like aged like an old person. gross." 
"chicken biscuit . 
"ham &amp; cheese french toastie roll ups. . 
"lol i'm mad i found out dominoes got hot sauce as a topping for they pizza" 
"health- tasty but massively sugary (2x the max daily limit in one can!) , cocacola has more constructive uses... . 
"why am i still getting targeted ads from pizza hut and papa johns? i'm on a diet i can't have carbs stop" 
"rt user when my pizza finally arrives . 
"aye my bf just showed up with pizza &amp; hennessy &amp; drugs " 
"you know you in the hood fr if after midnight all you smell is chicken fried in oil, and the aroma of liquor" 
"user user card. saltimbocca [jump in mouth] allaromana. no wait, that's the pope.... many "professor pizza" out there..." 
"user "warm beer" is a generous description of admo evening smells that neglects vomit, sweat, and--all too often--freshly spilt blood." 
"breaking bad house owners install fence to stop fans from throwing pizza on roof . . 
"day 491: happy hour with user was much needed! 500daysofsummer @ world of beer . 
"user user user by the way, do you know how he spent that good moment? eating a well don . 
"rt user great news guys user has decided to sponsor my sausage sized fingers. remember guys when you think jimmy dean yo" 
"rt user the weirdest looking pizza in the world did they fall from the sky ? . 
"theres a hot dog with mac and cheese and bacon on it. bruh." 
"rt user late night dew event cheese video coming" 
"rt user living in dc so fucking trash . 
"user stopped hangin with the crew cuz he got girls who make him pizza rolls now " 
"i appreciate panera bread." 
"where tf that bread at? . 
"if girls want to be boy scouts, what will happen to the girl scouts? will the cookies still be distributed in these streets? real questions" 
""you got that gay pizza?"" 
"rt user amazing how adams morgan is beautiful during the day and smells like warm beer from dusk to dawn" 
"everyone: hey at least it cant get much worse than it is in iraq right? iraq: hold my beer. . 
"rt user where to eat when youre craving for fried chicken . 
"it's pumpkin beer season and i'm so glad to have user looking out for me . 
"user slumber party? i'll bring pizza" 
"i can't be held responsible for anything during pumpkin beer season" 
"what crazy is that this is literally my favorite pizzaria at home . 
"why is ledo pizza up liking tweets " 
"homemade zebra cakes. . 
"rt user chocolate fudge cake. . 
"rt: one of the activity during summer camp heading to dunkin donuts nearby!! . 
"can confirm . 
"rt user bud light worse beer of all time" 
"beefjerky intrepidly crosses the rubicon into the controversial land of donuts. proceed cautiously in that litiga . 
"donuts attract police and lawsuits. beefjerky must be careful in its flirtations with the donuts realm. . 
"this and potato bread is what gets to that ass . 
"rt user when ya babe got cakes . 
"garlic mozzarella cheese bread. . 
"user terren crossed her legs as she stared at the screen, alternating between taking bites of cookies and popcorn." 
"rt user ireland probably being a bit blas about ophelia. if however, you told us there'd be 10 mins of sleet, we'd panic " 
"donuts . 
"want bacon. that is all." 
"chocolate dipped chocolate chip cookies. . 
"buckeye brownie cookies. . 
"boy when i tell yall i just made the most flame chopped cheese hoo wee whew*whistle sounds*" 
"rt user i watch too many movies i once had a homie on the run i gave him bread and said i love u but i should never see or hear" 
"user user if user had a heart attack, id seriously throw a parade!!! and write a thank . 
"today! oct 15, 2017 12:00pm user bavarian beer garden: oktoberfest edition. details: . dcbrews" 
"cheesy bites pizza. . 
"user user it's ok she can save some and pass it on it's like amish friendship bread only with soup envelopes" 
"rt chicagosmayor: it aint over till its over. made a wager w/ mayorofla. when cubs take the nlcs, hell send local beer &amp; flythew at la" 
"rt mayorofla: making a bet w/chicagosmayor. when dodgers win nlcs, hell send a 6pack of local beer &amp; fly our flag at chicago city hall. " 
"rt user who the fuck comes up with these headlines lmfaooooo . 
"good morning, nyc! looks like we're in for a high of 78f today, with 100% chance of pizza!" 
"reading our daily bread is a great way to start the day." 
"rt user which pizza toppings are better?" 
"user those are my favorite cookies!" 
"baking soda shampoo: your hair will grow like its magic . 
"i really want a maria ds slice of pizza from fed" 
"it's like wine soda . 
"rt user get that boxed ish out of here. . 
"rt user gotta hear both sides . 
"sometimes you just need to like, do something extra to bring home the bacon" 
"rt user hating ketchup does not make you cool or sophisticated. it just makes you a ketchup hater." 
"did i already suggest you name your sausage stand wurst case scenario?" 
"user i eat my avocado sliced with salt in between two toasted bread. no mayo" 
"a juicy cheese burger. . 
"southern style chicken tenders. . 
"rt user this is literally the worst cost-benefit analysis ever. . 
"young man arrested for underage sex was re-arrested for sharing a pizza with a 17-year-old . 
"pizza with bacon :(" 
"korean fried chicken. . 
"rt user civil war reenactment at the cedar creek battlefield in va was cancelled on sat. after a soda bomb with screws was discover" 
"rt user this is especially rich coming from the manager of the team that advanced to the nlcs in large part due to a replay " 
"pull-apart cheesy bread &amp; marinara. . 
"httr it's game day! beer and food specials on game days!! madfoxtaproom madfoxbrewing redskinsnation dcbeer . 
"itssexierifyouadd a hot chick eating donuts . 
"rt user age appears to be best in four things.... -francis bacon amreading amwriting . 
"this guy . 
"things you didn't realise you wanted for brunch. foodporn brunch breakfast food sausage . 
"what do you think of my pumpkin spice monkey bread? user . 
"the monkey bread is ugly, but it tastes like heaven " 
"user fair enough. i almost paid to rent the mummy last night before i decided "yup i've had enough beer." and . 
"rt user she goes do you know who i am? i said someone who isnt getting the burger without cheese and she gagged" 
"rt user molten chocolate pudding cake in space for nationaldessertday. . 
"at the mall early, trying to make eye contact w/sensible dads wearing new balances with grass stains while i eat cheese cubes by the handful" 
"you can get cakes with actual poppable pimples, and it's horrifyingly realistic . via user 
"gotta send the bread for some new shoe orders today" 
"rt user sunday funday ~ scallop, bacon sliders for us! user user user user what's on " 
"toby keith - beer for my horses ft. willie nelson . via user 
"rt user the year is 2139. america is a nuclear wasteland. cockroaches roam. where college park used to be, another build your own" 
"body by cheese it . 
"pizza margherita in 4 easy steps recipe . 
"rt user i broke bread when i aint even have bread to break" 
"rt user santa school isnt all milk and cookies, its a big responsibility . via user user 
"user user user very nice! are ipas your go-to beer style?" 
"rt user don't miss this stunning bohemian boo bash pumpkin decorating party! the cookies are so pretty!! " 
"fox news: record number of children missing from washington d.c. - pizza... . via user 
"i wish the hospital had queso i want cheese fries but with mcdonald's fries" 
"user can u give us a full pizza topping tier list" 
"rt user munchkin is looking for some bacon . 
"friday the 13th is unlucky? we think the only bad luck is not getting a beer today. . 
"celebrate football friday with fresh-from-scratch food &amp; hand crafted beer at seven bridges in tinseltown, our rest . 
"mug club pic of the week: i find your lack of beer disturbing craftbeer brewpub bradenton . 
"forming a union? no thanks. my boss brings in donuts every friday. righttowork" 
"the world is soo much better with cheese! can you imagine tomorrow without it? " 
"rt user ive been on this diet to try and get more fit for producers and i have never wanted pizza so bad in my life temptat" 
"how to make molasses gingersnap cookies from scratch . via user 
"rt user iceberg wedge with smoked bacon, grape tomatoes, shallots, and blue cheese dressing. happyfriday " 
"if yall keep retweeting this while saying it isnt funny or is either way youre promoting it either way so stfu a . 
"pecan pie chocolate cake!! available also as a bundt cake or cupcakes!! **customer loved it** . 
"pancakes eggs &amp; bacon " 
"rt user here is a man who appreciates a good beer vs a woman who doesn't like nachos. amazing fridaythe13th " 
"i love pizza why? because pizza my president is pizza pizza is logicpizza is knowledge" 
"check out soda women's wedge shoes black suede size 5 soda platformswedges clubwear . via user 
"rt user when she stirring that mac n cheese over the phone for ya . 
"yes, today is apple strudel day and we have these absolutely delicious lemon coffee cakes...and . 
"try our tavern style too, not just deep dish. rt user cant wait to try chicago pizza.. omg." 
"my favorite ginger is not going to be impressed with me. - drinking a pabst blue ribbon at user - . photo" 
"user nah man, but thanks for caring enough to know my beer of choice, and i can see over the hood just fine, thanks for the concern " 
"rt user bro i cant fwu if u dont choose the italian herbs and cheese bread at subway" 
"today's lunch special: beer battered cod fish with french fries, cole slaw &amp; hushpuppies- $8.99 the soup of the... . 
"my ratchet ass brought onion rings to work for lunch today and i can't wait to break out my tabasco and go to town " 
"user this is disgusting. moscato is way too sweet to go with any form of doritos. just get some beer." 
"user you giving bread ?" 
"rt user chicken stuffed cheesy bread . 
"rt user michigan lawmakers vote to preemptively ban soda, food taxes . soda food taxes user 
"i just earned the 'riding steady (level 29)' badge on user . 
"rt user gimme some cheese sticks on the side and syvah teeth dem deh a grung . 
"rt user student athletes-monday 10/16 @ 9am volunteer opportunity to help clean up our campus. meet in the courtyard. i will pr" 
"i voted for her like i always do . 
"user pizza always gets a pass when it comes to consumption lmao." 
"rt user flipped my bread with user g shit that nigga is really legit shawty on muvas . 
"rt user guaranteed legit cash flips .. i know you aint trynna be broke or stay broke come turn nothing into something . 
"me describing to a friend how to get to my campsite: look for the big red pole thing with a pizza and take a left. you'll see the purple cow" 
"i love when they bring out the cheese grater looking thing when they do my toes my fave part" 
"join us on tuesday october 24th as we have a special edition of yappy hour. come enjoy a delicious cold beer from... . 
"all i've had to eat today was a mini cookies and cream hershey's bar but i mean hey, at least my test is over and i don't think i took an l" 
"upcoming jacksonville craft beer events . beer craftbeer drinkitinjax ilovejax onlyinjax . 
"rt user hell yea . 
"get lit - holiday vinyl sticker - wine glass, beer mug, christmas decal by amberrockstar . etsyretweet" 
"the 21 best mac &amp; cheeses in america . via: user . 
"user is that bread? it looks really cool!" 
"rt:homeadvisor: baking soda is a powerful cleaning agent. here are five ways to use baking soda around the house. . 
"amber eh! a beer that makes canada proud... also quite delicious! user . 
"rt user me describing to a friend how to get to my campsite: look for the big red pole thing with a pizza and take a left. you'l" 
"headed home?? papa johns just delivered pizza for our residents!! freefoodfriday theluxeonwestcall" 
"user i was tryna get fucked up lmaoooo &amp; ion even drink beer" 
"rt user open now for trade until early hours beer pints starting at 3.50! user user user " 
"rt user the 21 best mac &amp; cheeses in america . via: user . 
"who wants to drink a beer??" 
"&amp; mcdonald's. . 
"user user um, this looks amazing! not to mention the pic -- great job with the shrimp and cheese grits." 
"rt user chuck e. cheese's unveils 'sensory sensitive sundays' for kids with autism, special needs: . 
"femail - celebrity chef maggie beer on how eat to prevent dementia, australian chef, ma... . . 
"rt user thinking about getting pizza for lunch" 
"baking pumpkin cookies, listening 2 classical horror at dungeon, creepy+sweet smelling. . 
"for sale: 2 tkts 4 pink sunrise fl bbc center. $300 each. sect 105, row 3, seats 3 &amp; 4. includes pre-show reception w/appetizers, beer wine" 
"we've got a cheesy special for you today! a 10" stuffed crust pizza and an order of mozzarella . 
"rt user beer tastes gooooood!! user user user user user " 
"rt user man wins years supply of free beer from ab inbev . 
"i crave new york grilled cheese everyday of my life" 
"rt user time to make the donuts! savory donuts: - butternut squash ring - purple yam icing - pecans - maple - bacon - " 
"young sausage biscuit . 
"wetlab social is tonight! non-um guests are welcome, however they'll receive no beer/food vouchers. everyone bring caneid &amp; government id's." 
"rt user happy friday the 13th! tgif fridaythe13th beer . . 
"calling all pizza lovers! don't have dough or the time to make it, but craving a good supreme pizza . 
"user user user you know its a possibility he could be more stupid. please dont hold his bee . 
"five easy cheese boards for any occasion! thanks reanna user scott &amp; meghan user &amp; user . 
"the pizza makenna: fresh mozzarella, fresh basil and marinara (we suggest adding onion). come . 
"rt user 'breaking bad' fans have been throwing so much pizza on walter white's house the owner is putting up a fence " 
"rt user gm people, dont let negative thoughts dictate a perfectly good day!! also it smells like fall outside!! positivity! cant wait" 
"espresso toffee chocolate chip cookies - who needs a cup of coffee in the morning when you can have . 
"new pastry alert! now user is making deciding even harder. tampafoodie . 
"dear user - do you no longer make the maple glazed donuts? signed, heartbroken in miami" 
"user time for adventures of a pizza delivery girl, the graphic novel" 
"lunch special 2: potato encrusted mahi platter - served over bacon &amp; sweet corn succotash with a horseradish sauce drizzle" 
"you better not burn the cookies! . 
"rt user my nigga youre like 40?? . 
"racist, you should have stayed retired. and stop eating all the god damn donuts. we know what you did. another stroles. you make me sick" 
"sun, sand and craft beer along floridas emerald coast . 
"young pizza . 
"join us for user bacon blues &amp; brews tomorrow! details: . sponsored by: user . 
"[ad] we are celebrating national cheese curd day at culvers! their cheese curds are made using farm fresh dairy... . 
"rt user home is where the beer and pizza is." 
"rt user pizza for breakfast? pizza for breakfast. " 
"rt user these slices are 5x the size of a normal piece of pizza and the toppings are insane. who's down? jacksribeyeburger " 
"which category are you in? . obesity food pizza chocolate sweets meals body love inspiration weightloss" 
"lmfaooooo play patty cakes on the booty " 
"user ummmmmmm.....is there a bad time for pizza?! . 
"another gorgeous day on the emerald coast. join us tonight for a cold beer and premium hand . 
"rt user so don't ever question my loyalty . 
"rt user make these bedfordshire clangershalf sausage roll, half fruit piefrom our november issue, on stands today: . 
"i'm too lazy to buy lunch (even from onsite cafeteria) so i am just eating the donuts someone brought this morning." 
"user why are your small bottles of soda $1.99 + tax? ridiculous. a 2 liter costs that at most places." 
"user same ppl talkin shit probably was crunk as fuck when they had pizza in class smh every jit love pizza" 
"giada de laurentiis wrote a heartbreaking twitter rant to admit that she wasnt sure whether ketchup counts as sou . 
"rt user in case u forgot in 2004 the gop came up with alternative ketchup because kerry's wife was heir to the heinz fortune . 
"try replacing margarine with fresh avocado as a spread on your toast. it tastes great and is packed with healthy fa . 
"i just cooked this amazing recipe by using panna! . 
"rt user i don't know how you did it but you put the mold there. . 
"i can go forever without soda but sweet tea is a daily essential" 
"have you heard break bread feat big beck by smitty james on soundcloud? np . 
"happy friday, folks! join us for happyhour at user 2-4-1 draft beers all day, every day. beer . 
"friend went to store for bread saw me, i told her i was buying a villa in fl 5 days later we were in fl &amp; she also . 
"rt user me: eats a whole pizza my friends: that's kinda unhealthy me: . 
"nope not beer thats my penstand i dont drink and work never workmode ideas . 
"hes not crazy hes just got bread well u gotta be a lil crazy to have bread -kid at my school" 
"rt user oreo cheese cake bites . 
"user same. i'll eat them if that's all there is, but if given a choice, i go with no cheese." 
"nyam up couple cheese patty from juicy beef " 
" user makes every batch of beef and bacon jerky by hand. with varieties like teriyaki, southern, honest . 
"new and delicious chopped cobb salad at wobu. spectacular @ world of beer . 
"user but that's beer" 
"im here for a good time, not a long time. with that being said, ill take extra cheese and bacon. . 
"user young donuts" 
"rt user we made it look mom thank you user boutta get so many cheese roll ups . 
"rt user user that girl scouts only sell cookies." 
"rt user ask your friends and family to eat at pizza hut on oct 15th for dysautonomia international! dysautonomia... . 
"user too much pizza" 
"rt user giada de laurentiis wrote a heartbreaking twitter rant to admit that she wasnt sure whether ketchup counts as soup " 
"rt user don't miss fish fry fridays tonight from 5-7 pm with $10 fish &amp; chips and a user beer. . 
"rt user you a grown man talmbout let me make my own pizza. this shit isnt comedy. . 
"now do the hamburger... . 
"rt user so excited that my cookbook is out for pre-order! if you love cookies, this is the book for you! link&gt;&gt; " 
"user when my mama came back to the truck from the pizza place, i asked her was that you who waddled in there lol .." 
"young french fries . 
"rt user shout out to user for these awesome cookies. now which one should i eat first? user user . 
"rt user annual sausage fest monday 10/16 - sunday 10/22! german food including our famous german stuffed pigs and a variety of" 
"ain't no pizza parties happening tonight" 
"my pancake complected king . 
"user hey hey dawg need a beer?" 
"chocolate chip peanut butter microwave mug cake w fat free chocolate pudding - yummm . 
"note to self: stay away from chuck's pizza . 
"rt user review: snowflakes, iced cakes and second chances by sue watson user user . http" 
"rt user thanksgiving cookies are a thing. . 
"pimento cheese poppers recipe - perfect for tailgating and weekend entertaining! . . 
"did both of these things and also realized that i need to go downtown tomorrow to print stuff which means pizza is in my future" 
"rt user user no because pizza is food and communism and food go together like water and oil." 
"i got the cookies got milk?" 
"rt user i made cakes and cream cake which is like cookies and cream cake but better!! cakes and cream cake!! &gt;&gt; " 
"user i will refrain from mocking til bama makes bacon tomorrow." 
"oreo... which is already cookies n cream. made a flavor called cookies and cream lol" 
"rt user ketchup doesnt belong on anything . 
"user i'm losing it. i need a beer." 
"user peter, 21 sausage &amp; porkchopper not tho" 
"rt user tiny wonder bread . 
"rt user beef cutlet-stuffed garlic bread . 
"i just earned the 'here comes the brew' badge on user . 
"user buy that man a beer" 
"rt user clemson s tanner muse returns a fumble for a td and proceeds to crack open a beer 15 yards . 
"so user it takes 30+ mins for me to order, pay for and receive my order of you chicken tenders im confused! wehaveaproblem" 
"beer pong and thongs!!! hmu for the address" 
"rt user a coworker showed up with a big box of donuts for us! gotta finish these before user wakes up~ &gt;=3 . 
"user what is your brand of mayonnaise you use to put on a grilled cheese sandwich? survey question" 
"user which is worse my meme or my school cheese? . 
"rt user nixon: "i'm the most disliked potus in history." bush: "hold my beer." trump: "hold my red hat, white hood &amp; russian p" 
"i should have just sucked it up and went out tonight.. instead im home baking mac &amp; cheese. . 
"rt user watched youtube videos on how to cook grilled cheese without burning the bread, really helpful lol . 
"rt user final swainsboro 40 bacon county 28 region 2-aa contest" 
"i love to cuddle and i like picnics in the park . 
"rt user buffalo chicken pull-apart bread the only way to improve shareable bread is with buffalo chicken and lots of cheese " 
"rt user how did user get its name? . tacomac wings user craftbeers qotd " 
"currently: pizza and netflix " 
"drinking a hop leaf project | pervasive by user at user . 
"somebody love me and buy me a pizza lol" 
"that syracuse win has inspired me to pop in a frozen pizza." 
"rt user important psa: string cheese is not nearly as tasty if you don't peel it before you eat it" 
"rt user how is it that i do the same makeup routine every day &amp; sometimes i can end up lookin like a 10 and other days i look like a fuc" 
"i just had the most delicious lobster mac &amp; cheese i have ever had omg bruh... worth every fuckin penny that's definitely my new spot" 
"rt user if you don't have time to peel the string cheese and you have to bite it, your life is too fast paced for me" 
"rt user never talk bread around birds ." 
"rt user if youre heading over to the crystal lake dunkin donuts theres no line right now. but the floor is very very slipper" 
"user what a risk taker! you should take up parachuting out of planes now. of course, you may lose those nine cookies." 
"rt user my wife says it look like a dog's nose, but i'm confused on which one to go into, i don't drink beer. . 
"rt user 1995 president trump pizza hut commercial user maga i loved this ad back in the day this is when " 
"i did the most for movie night..every candy u can think of...4 different flavor popcorns...snacks...&amp; u know what they doing??? sleeping " 
"snellville nothing bundt cakes bakery celebrating grand opening oct. 23 - . . 
"user i especially love baked brie in puff pastry!!" 
"user my mans in front of you about to toss his cookies" 
"the 6-degrees of kevin bacon, college football version are always entertaining." 
"rt user we decided to make halloween cookies . 
"jadda is one person who ill never lose contact with man ...... 6 years of a friendship and we talk every 1-2 months ketchup" 
"rt user i just wanna bake cookies at 3am, watch movies and wear the same niggas t-shirts and love the same nigga for life " 
"rt user i thought michelle bachman was the dumbest politician i would ever see. then along came donald trump &amp; said: michelle" 
"rt user seokjin having an existencial crisis bc he accidentally revealed that eatjins menu was pizza will never not be fun " 
"n o yea dat cash bag i don't use money to determine how i deal wit people cuz ima get my own bread plugs more valuable to me" 
"cookies and strawberries" 
"when the waiter stops shredding parmesan cheese but you haven't said "when" yet . 
"rt user user user many people are not aware 10% of 74 billion ebt spent on soft drinks plus we pay healthcar " 
"rt user clemson to ou: hold my beer. didnotseethatcoming" 
"user good night angel cakes " 
"fat ass ate all the fucking pizza and now im sad and not even high anymore " 
"wendy you done fucked up . 
"rt user sports world: "damn, that iowa state win over the sooners will definitely be the biggest underdog win all season" cl" 
"rt user national media: "my god sooners...iowa state? really?" clemson: "hold my beer"" 
"this is written like a pornhub description . 
"rt user i love oatmeal raisin cookies" 
"what on earth?! a dark chocolate, nutella bread pudding ganache with vanilla ice cream as the . 
"rt user me: [cakes getting smashed to smithereens] him: [already gripping my neck with crackhead strength] me: harder also, " 
"ketchup . 
"foxy can't open soda . 
"these pizza rolls taste like a steak right now " 
"lofthouse sugar cookies and chick-fil-a . 
"i am entering to win user a box of cheryls premium halloween cookies. you can too user 10/18/17 . 
"user user been doing low carb since feb, but usually stick to low carb beer or bourbon maybe once . 
"update: my beautiful roommate came home &amp; offered me some yogurt &amp; a japanese soda. pizza still not here." 
"rt user gotta get a beer in my mouth tonight baby!" 
"rt user it's the war of the dodgers fans and beer review from oskar blues . 
"that's right, there's free beer in irish paradise. everyone's jealous." 
"user i don't like chocolate, cake, ice cream or most candy" 
"rt user creamy stovetop macaroni and cheese . 
"rt user i love french fries . 
"dey cheese burgers suck doe .." 
"rt user pizza fries. . 
"retweeted foodporn (user pasta pizza. . . 
"energy drinks the cause of brain hemorrhage, doctors say . 
"thanks mamita for da cheese cake haylabyu " 
"user awesome, but the beer won't be budweiser !!" 
"rt user niggas don't be spending no real bread on y'all that's why you can't relate to a bitch who'll go out her way for her nigga." 
" danielle los tush and beer. i submit it doesnt get much better . 
"tushetian guda cheese sold in california and new york young entrepreneur revives georgian cheese making traditions . 
"who am i to disagree . 
"user user if you need similar sketchy at home, now you know where to find it. hopefully there was a . 
"today i have the pleasure of doing the bacon's wedding at 2pm in kentucky.. @ taylor mill, kentucky . 
"rt user some people are as bland as bread" 
"rt user ya mcm can't finish his beer lmao" 
"nathan myhrvold's *modernist bread* reveals the secrets of gluten . . 
"user cabras bizarre adventure: atack on beer edition" 
"rt user give him the fuckin bread . 
"loading sausage coolers for saturday markets ptreefarmersmkt &amp; freedomfarmersmkt @ pine street . 
"watch band flip clemson flag at varsity pizza after su upset oitnf . . 
"rt user [last supper] jesus: take this and eat; this is my body judas: *starts choking on bread* jesus: yah those are my swe" 
"rt user the 15 best places for a goat cheese in atlanta . atlanta goatcheese dining" 
"rt user cheese rolls from porto's please " 
"me craving for donuts and cookies rn." 
"user likewise! root beer lovers unite! =u" 
""life's too short to settle for powdered cheese." my latest at user . 
"rt user chandazsides bbqmeatballs potatowedges onionrings mac&amp;cheese . 
"2 things empty out quickly on weekends - petrol from tank and beer from barrel " 
"rt user "my fatass thought this was bread" 161k retweets 220k likes . 
"rt user and she had reputation m&amp;ms and reputation cookies, she's so extra. reputationsecretsessions" 
"rt user guard!!! . 
"check out this deal! t. bacon's bbq . 
"this 5k is for matthew and my mom - 2 of the bigger bacon lovers in the family! baconrun @ jim . 
"user sandwiches. a ham and cheese slathered with mayonnaise = next level" 
"as i sit here on the toilet holding my stomach, im starting to think maybe i shouldnt have eaten an entire family size bowl of mac &amp;cheese" 
"this mama cooks! on a diet - need halloween sandwich ideas kids love? make a jack-o-lantern cheese ... . 
"rt user damn dude got dem cakes . 
"i am entering to win cherylsdesserts a box of cheryls premium halloween cookies. you can too suelee1998 10/18/17 . 
"now playing: rich the kid - cookies n sherbert -&gt; . 
"user is that blue cheese on top? " 
"police looking for man who pleasured himself at florida panera bread . 
"saturday at 8am and im drinking a beer listening to yfn lucci, who i cant stand by the way." 
"rt user lady-id like the chocolate cake waiter-very popular dessert with expectant mothers guy-youre pregnant? lady-may w" 
"rt user easy cake decorating tips for beautiful homemade cakes every time! . via user 
"young chicken tenders and fries with ranch and buffalo sauce . 
"sees someone in an einstein bros bagels shirt that says "thick cut bacon" on it. billie would wear it" 
"user it's almost like watching chefs table and then ordering in a pizza... guilty" 
"visionary . 
"wxia/11 alive: energy drinks the cause of brain hemorrhage, doctors say . 
"ole nick may have been right ? it's poison, rat poison ! top 10 eats the tainted cheese on fri.13th. down goes 2 &amp; 8. upset saturday ?" 
"the brenton beer guide - bennett brenton, phd &amp; dan ramirez... beverages beverages . 
"danielle los tush and beer. i submit it doesnt get much better . 
"who wrote this?? are they okay?? . 
"rt user morning joe: hillary clinton private email server defense has more holes in it than swiss cheese . 
"rt user clemson gonna clemson! clemson hold my beer. washington st" 
"i'm gaining weight the right way: i'm drinking beer." 
"user user user jim enters a tap room: why do they call it craft beer? they should call it c . 
"cheese grits for breakfastz one of it favorite southern foods yum cheesegrits @ gwinnett . 
"we had these baby turnips last night. i mashed them with goat cheese." 
"rt user man loses a portion of his head because of energy drinks . . 
"these muthafuckas bomb as hell . 
"rt user how the sausage is made. . 
"user i do catering and personal chef services too. i sell food by the pan . so for example if you wanted . 
"lock this nigga up . 
"on my way with user in hand! i might eat them before i get there though! . 
"i like women the way i like my beer... imperial and stout." 
"watching college football, eating pizza &amp; studying today" 
"yummy - our cheese makers have created this special tasty halloween treat for you - limited supply get yours toda . 
"i'm feelin some dublin donuts this morning " 
"rt user thank you, 7th grade betas for showing your appreciation of our acms faculty &amp; staff! the cookies were delicious! . 
"thinking about todays requirements of music as i drive to a beer festival... then the col moment of the day... . 
"pires: yes, cesc threw the pizza at ferguson . . 
"kid had a sign to venmo him beer money on college gameday. i requested money from him instead because thats real l . 
"yep, we'll take all of these for breakfast this morning from bread and butter bakery! . 
"you know its a good morning when you start it with football &amp; pizza! catch me in action with user &amp; . 
"rt user see as one liverpool player dey send man utd players go buy bread and egg.. this match no be small thing o https" 
"this dinosaur is ready to party:) . custom dinosaur birthday cookies to match an invitation. dinosaurparty . 
"ok time to burn off some of these bacon and eggs at kickboxing" 
"join us at gameday for mimosas, 11-3 cold beer!! awesome food!!" 
"i package in individual servings..microwave till cheese crisps on top " 
"user hell naaa food &amp; beer too " 
"rt user win free pizza for a year by posting to instagram! find out more ad--&gt; . lovehopepizza " 
"rodney carrington - titties and beer . 
"somebody go get me a sausage egg &amp; cheese mcmuffin please." 
"sausage biscuit . 
"rt user if i come to your function and discover fruit in my mac &amp; cheese, there's gonna be a lot of slow singin' and flower bring" 
"this is the look of a happy mama about to destroy a burger. @ bread &amp; butterfly . 
"this one girl said im ugly..broke bread then she fucked me " 
"rt user hey, you guys ready to see another fraud become exposed? grab a beer, pull up, &amp; get ready for 4 more years with tr " 
"rt user eat bacon - not rat poison gm, y'all, and roll tide! . 
"rt user do you guys like my new pink phone case? its super cute right? scruff has anyone got cracking on that bacon? https:" 
"this paleo chicken pot pie is a wonderful way to reinvent chicken or turkey leftovers. . . 
"rt user user user exactly. democrats believe that every person of color is born &amp; bread to be in their party. it " 
"okay the villanova chases beer sign was good" 
"user young dunkin donuts" 
"this cake is basically a giant raspberry truffle! chocolate cakes, filled w raspberry jam, and covered in choco . 
"try this tasty pecan pasta with pesto and bacon: . . 
"wowza!!! can do. . 
"user incomplete. beer and musket missing." 
"everyone enjoys eating cookies, cake, and pie, but no one likes cleaning up the mess. happy nationaldessertday . 
"who doesn't love mac n' cheese? yum . . 
"we don't need a user pepsi, we just need a user sprite knowyourworth... soda = social change . 
"want some coffee and donuts this morning? want to hear directly from candidates who may be creating laws that... . 
"rt user im usually quite impressed with bossip headlines but how is loving the crew nowhere in this tweet . 
"rt user i just want to motivate these niggas get they bread up user 
"asst this point, yall just fucling shit up merely because you're idiots. . 
"chicken sandwich . 
"wake yo ass up time to get this bread !! morningmotivation" 
"user bacon beggin strips!" 
"rt user who wants to invest in a tatoo removal business? hot cakes." 
"rt user why are all of these cheeses named *something* jack? i vow to one day have a cheese monopoly and rename them to pepper" 
"on the savory side this morning we have our smoked sausage biscuits! permanentslaw . 
"sorry visa user youre not leaving my wallet, sorry papajohns user but players kneeling in nfl, you sponsor t . 
"rt user kudos to the grabuser team and observers who made it a great experiential learning on business - it convergence " 
"rt lifewithalcohol: liquor before beer you're in the clear beer before liquor you'll be okay don't be a little bitchvai woridtravels" 
"nowplaying no laziness by ketchup ft. bunji garlin on . 
"rt user when your friends ordering pizza and you yell buy wings . 
"will some one get brittany some cheese with her wine. don't forget her crying towel. . 
"rt user black men semen tastes like grape soda in my might cheek and throat. grape my mouth. . 
"simple, sure-fire instructions for making your very first beer . brewyourownbeer" 
"he's the man who had the jerky they put it all together and yah it really worky . 
"pires: cesc threw the pizza at fergie . . 
"rt user "s02ep06: fall in" is here!this episode of thegoodstuff talks about some of the fun fall frivolity at wdw. disney ht" 
"i am not super artsy, but i sure can fake it with these simple (and adorable!) pumpkin cut out sugar cookies &gt; . 
"seokjin just dipped his steak in ketchup i don't know him anymore" 
"rt user anyone wanna grab a beer or 12 tonight?" 
"user have you eaten dutch monkey donuts in cumming? or the little asian bakerys that are usually attached to hmart. yummm" 
"anybody ever wonder why we love tater tots more than french fries?" 
"chicago gets big wake-up call after less than 3 months of soda tax . 
"rt user chalktoberfest this weekend in marietta square, marietta florida. chalk murals, beer festival, music, food. " 
"well fuck it, if we doing this then i want my son to join the girlscouts so i can get the inside track on those cookies." 
"rt user middle, high and 9th's: try our special hot grillers sandwiches. the chick n cheese griller &amp; the steak n chees " 
"user young sausage biscuit in the hizzouse!" 
"rt user our new chicken tenders and side of s'awesome sauce are both so good, youll wonder whether you should dip or not. " 
"union city eagles cheerleaders father-daughter pancake breakfast!" 
"chicken tenders and studio time maybe i'll get something done" 
"im making a veggie omelet and cheese grits with homemade french toast. . 
"want a year of free pizza? enter with a social share in hungryhowies lovehopepizza . . 
"stuffed pigsfeet with bacon, sausage, and herbs eggtoberfest user @ stone mountain park . 
"rt user you know its a good morning when you start it with football &amp; pizza! catch me in action with user &amp; " 
"new! zucchini &amp; cornbread fritter freshly grated zucchini, cheddar cheese and bread crumbs . 
"user this is gona being out all the fruit-cakes" 
"i wish yall could see what we look like otw to athens rn. no bra, no pants, but we got beer hail ya" 
"snack fingerling potatoes w/ garlic, herbs + parmesan, bacon &amp; ranch soup pumpkin squash w/ pecan cream" 
"snack fb macaroni + cheese w/ oxtail snack fb mashed potato w/ roasted pork chop, green beans &amp; steak sauce" 
"enjoy cookies &amp; milk with santa! - . 
"if anyone tries to tell you they have never folded a shitty $1 frozen pizza in half and eaten like a taco they are dead ass lyin' to you" 
"rt user the brown bread is better than the white bread at cheesecake factory. don't @ me" 
"i want sugar cookies" 
"it's 10am are you alright . 
"rt user 78 of my last 78 servers heard me the first time when i asked for more bread." 
"user user user would you be triggered if i said black lives matter? if i said trump s . 
"and cold beer . 
"2 hash browns &amp; a parfait w granola" 
"paul tell me why with that hat backwards makes you look like that one guy from the movie road trip: beer pong . 
"bacon . 
"i had a dream i bought some cocaine in chuck-e-cheese last night lmao" 
"watch. im going to show up at this chuck entertainment cheese and the kids are going to be mean af" 
"rt user liquor before beer you're in the clear beer before liquor you'll be okay don't be a little bitch" 
"rt user harris county carver middle school advance chorus pancake breakfast . 
"are you ready for game day! we are! beer, wine and food to go! bennett's is your one-stop shop for saturdays! . 
"be sure to grab your limited edition table beer glassware before we run out! avail. onsite &amp; thru the link. . 
"all day long baby!!! horror halloween beer sweetwaterbrewery jekyllbrewing @ barnesville, . 
"rt user new! zucchini &amp; cornbread fritter freshly grated zucchini, cheddar cheese and bread crumbs . 
"national dessert day! celebrate with candies, ice cream, fruits, cookies, pastries, and cobblers. share your celebr . 
"rt user i don't know the question, but isn't the answer always cheese? perhaps it's the one thing cats, mice, and men have " 
"user user love love love pizza!!!! . 
"anyone else gonna make it out to user vs user first beer is on us." 
"i want some good spaghetti. no meatballs. with spicy sausage. and sugar on the side " 
"for sale: (1) chuck e. cheese's animatronic band . . 
"daily combo chicken burger w/ swiss cheese, sesame cabbage slaw &amp; sweet orange chili sauce" 
"snack sauteed brussel sprouts w/ bacon, grilled apples &amp; onions" 
"rt user omg this literally what i eat for breakfast! 2 hash browns exactly &amp; parfait . 
"user in may 17 ducking a beer . 
"of course i eat ass, i drank the vienna sausage juice when i'm done w it" 
"rt user cheese dip and guac being served w ur endless chips and salsa for free . 
"rt user user check out the mention and praise in our podcast! love your beer &amp; appreciate your service!!! usa " 
"how does "the beer from around here" get "everywhere"? come to our export panel to find out! . . 
"rt user is your friday night dinner sorted? go to --&gt; for tons of easy ideas . or make this squash go " 
"rt user the essence of breaking bread is so that we see the christ. watch apostle grace lubega in this remarkable sermon... h" 
"it's deluxe buffet day! only $9.99 for unlimited wings, pizza, pasta, salad, breadsticks and zeppoles. . 
"user you might, however, enjoy my version of slightly sweet &amp; spicy bacon. i bake it slowly with a sprink . 
"pack looking like a christmas tree, tell santa i got something that go well wit them sugar cookies" 
"user user shit, i wish i could have sold bodily fluids away during college. i was always there . 
"shrimp &amp; sausage for breakfast " 
"this wave of "comedy" is corny as fuck . 
"meet a 17-year-old who saved a mans life by taking him to a dunkin donuts: . 
"rt user they're gonna keep making noises but watch their voting records. lots of people talking shit when cameras are on bu " 
"rt user its not a real nigga wing spot unless they put two slices of white bread under what you ordered." 
"zippy donuts is better then k.ks( krispy kreme) donuts. to me tho. but k.ks coffee cake is the bomb!!!!!!!!!" 
"rt user "late nite" breakfast! golden pancakes, royal kona coffee, honey-cured bacon &amp; fresh local ka lei eggs user . 
"rt user donuts, maaaaan. donuts." 
"rt user a large pizza just for myself sounds so good rn" 
"me and demir made everything in the kitchen. so far we ate bosnian soup smoothie sundays tea an cookies deep dish mac n cheese pizza " 
"deep dish biscuit crust mac n cheese pizza. we insane." 
"rt user loaf of bread or corgi? . 
"i checked in at kauai beer company on yelp . 
"i can't wait until my mom comes back from maui so i can eat my stress and sadness away with krispy kreme donuts" 
"user user imagine if corn pizza was regular pizza except there were just giant cobs of corn slapped onto the top" 
"you also ate wingstop last night . 
"we made dough, cinnamon sugar filling, and cream cheese frosting from scratch. halp." 
"yes until he sees me put away a large pizza by myself . 
"rt user i am crying. the beer exploding on the one chick and the gibberish as the other one probably falls into a coma https:/" 
"i read mini pizza as mina pizza and i was like that me ?" 
"user user user farridge speaks only for himself. he's a rich boy, beer swilling liar &amp; all . 
"rt user lets grab some beer, put on some mexican bangers, and fuck shit up! " 
"catos pizza reminds me the most of frankies... just missing aoli. need it" 
"i never made nothing from scratch as a kid. we made the philadelphia cream cheese recipe for cheesecake. that was about it." 
"fruity pebbles . 
"mac n' cheese please: hughley's southern restaurant oahu . familytravel kidfriendly ttot" 
". pizza n gears lets gooo!! user user user user . 
"user you forgot manipulative, self-serving, self-aggrandising, beer swilling gurner, alleged fraudster, raci . 
"user you could just put it on toast and melt it a little......melted cheese is the best lol" 
"rt user actually you had the jerky . 
"rt user i could really use some pizza rolls" 
"a delicious avocado banana bread recipe courtesy of the watertable . via user 
"rt user if you substitute both you could save 401,500 gallons of water, 10,950 sq ft of forest, 7,300 lbs of co2, &amp; 198 ani " 
"sitting on the porch drinking beer &amp; singing along to country songs with the boyfriend, what could be better?" 
"diana sleeping on my couch and i just wanna make pizza rolls" 
"rt user im forever addicted to my own tteokbokki with cheese can never have enough tangkilikinangsarilingatin " 
"rt user flatimes: our daily bread 15 october 2017 devotional creat... . 
"got my beer, they're playing soja at whole foods....luvs it" 
"user what are ketchup chips? i have been known to put plain chips in ketchup so i am interested" 
"lmao dominos sends out a recording when the driver leaves the store with your pizza and my drunk ass was so confused " 
"i cant believe someone pour beer down my shirt " 
"i got more sauce than a pizza beenpopin" 
"user thanks baby cakes" 
"ive been drinking soda and eating rice like wtf i dont even like soda and rice " 
"join us next week , saturday 10/21 for the 2017 great waikiki beer festival ! koholabrewery in . 
"user this is true, at least pizza will love me back" 
"looks luscious zucchini chocolate vegan cake! . 
"here's the recipe! zucchini chocolate cake . 
"rt user "the greatest victory is that which requires no battle" i whisper to myself as i give in to my cravings and bite into a" 
"my mom gave me her credit card info so i could get pizza . 
"no matter how parched you are... dont drink user soda! smh!! im still pissed!!!! . 
"rt user kylee texts me saying you should make cookies tonight and i literally made some like 2 hours ago we are the same perso" 
"rt user join us next week , saturday 10/21 for the 2017 great waikiki beer festival ! koholabrewery in . 
"rt user jesus answered, "it is written: man shall not live on bread alone, but on every word that comes from the mouth of god." 
"rt user kinda wanna study kinda wanna eat pizza kinda wanna work out kinda wanna sleep for months" 
"rt user rule 1: always save the beer . 
"note to self: stop drinking so much beer or your halloween costume won't fit..." 
"yuck pineapples on pizza" 
"i been getting bread you cant relate " 
"young soda . 
"rt user ill only eat dairy if its pizza. not really a cake person. more like chicken and waffles or pizza person. . 
"rt user user user yes! hand out cookies 4 being good ppl who do the right thing. 2 many people doing the w " 
"user user new slutty brownies . 
"pizza at 3???? bout it" 
"rt user 3-ingredient bacon wrapped chicken bites = a perfect appetizer or easy tailgate snack! ad user &gt;&gt; " 
"oh u mean pizza . 
"r.i.p leilani... ill miss you baby cakes " 
"marble soda on wtf!? dual launchpad play!? . 
"des: lowkey im craving a beer lol if you know des, shell never say this " 
"rt user see how user creates a unique watch from beer barrels, plus save $50 on one of your own: " 
"i wants some pancakes from i hop and eggs with cheese asaprocky" 
"user user i thought it was soda " 
"why do people drink beer when wine coolers have the same alcohol content and taste better" 
"rt user put this on your calendars! international quit soda day - october 20th. . 
"rt user meanwhile, scientists are still trying to explain why a circular pizza is placed in a square box and eaten in trian " 
"rt user my mans bought cheese and ate it all himself user . 
"when you been up since 4am and thinking if i should still bake cookies mohetime" 
"rt user nutella stuffed chocolate chip cookies . 
"rt user chuck e cheese did that . 
"rt user "what does jfc mean" "jesus fried chicken"" 
"user its crazy i even got to hangout and have a beer with him too lol" 
"rt user italian beef with everything extra cheese on it " 
"user you can make halloween cookies for me" 
"i used to hate sprite but now i love it bc it's the only soda i can have " 
"rt user when you're addicted to hash browns. . 
"in the oven now... sourdough banana bread! aroma of sweet sourdough multiplied by tangerine essential oil &amp; banana.." 
"rt user my mom made jacksepticeye cookies and my little sister made these cute cards . 
"rt user when you ask for a water cup at a restaurant but put soda in it instead . 
"rt user macaroni and cheese . 
"rt user wsu last night: man that loss was embarrassing uw: hold my beer pac12afterdark uwvsasu" 
"ok beer break. pausing the ep" 
"this sixth beer is not going down too good... im weak yall and light weight these days. wheres my user sis at?!" 
"rt user i think this guy might know what he's talking about here. good for him. me? i need another beer. it's beeroclock " 
"rt user women get turned on by cheese and fermented grape juice that's crazy" 
"20s : beer 40s : coffee ?" 
"rt user who hasn't? . 
"pan crust pepperoni pizza from user mmmmm want whatyouknowaboutthispizzaboy . 
"rt user im bout to fuck some pizza rolls up tonight in the name of depression" 
"win a gift set from user closes 31 oct 17. good luck! . 
"user how many times should i repeat this? it ain't slime yet. needs more activator and baking soda." 
"user this is not slime yet it needs more borax and baking soda why cant people listen to meeeeeeee" 
"pizza hut parka keeps you as warm as a pizza: . . . 
"rt user congratulations edward barber for bringing home the bacon :) maywardkilig onhimigasap . 
"rt user enjoy user newest top-your-own jolly hotdog with jalapeno, cheese and bacon bits! which one is your favori " 
"i feel like makin cookies rn lol" 
"user user it needs more borax and baking soda. then it will be slime" 
"everyone should try infinitea @ kam-shop like right next to da pizza hut, its pretty g not gonna lie tryumgotryumgo" 
"rt user today i made southern fried chicken using my fried chicken mix w/ biscuits with gravy. topped w/fried green tomatoes h" 
"well fuck my cookies, i got shooed to go upstairs. this bitch . 
"rt user if you ask me to hold your beer, i'll drink it" 
"rt user marble soda on wtf!? dual launchpad play!? . 
"rt user this fat loser is like 30 with his son doing this shit . 
"rejectedcookbooktitles the bread also rises" 
"basil pesto and beer" 
"nowplaying no beer (radio edit) by f1jo on . ! dl the free rudeboy radio 808 app on itunes or google play!" 
"i cant wait!!! user . 
"rt user ice cold beer slushies . 
"rt user happy pizza is a pizza sold in cambodia topped with marijuana." 
"woke up craving for steak and pizza " 
"rt user victimhood is a bakery round the corner and everyone wants their daily bread. . 
"rt user i had to re-up and recoupe to get my bread up." 
"cookie butter chocolate swirl cookies . recipe" 
"good idea ,thanks steve . 
"i tried making kimbap with melted cheese. its life." 
""she's literally like me and she literally makes me so happy.. i'm so happy" soda happy 4 friendsss" 
"rt user nandi cakes chief executive of pick me twitter , more cakes to your elbow . . 
"rt user me: how did you get ketchup in your armpit? 1-year-old: *smiles mysteriously*" 
"what kind of lives do y'all unwanted first slices of bread live?" 
"user have you ever had peanut butter bread? toasted with some jelly or jam on it....it's life changing" 
"rt user pizza with coke can . 
"i've entered to win a user maryland magic box user giveaway . 
"the amount of beer i've had is almost unhealthy" 
"rt user thank you dave. i appreciate all of your help. we are growing! i am sooo blessed. pretty soon we can raise a cold " 
"almost . 
"user i am exactly the child scared by chuck e cheese" 
"give me phadthai instead &gt;&lt;~ . 
"rt user changmin: i rly like beer. if there's a chance i'd like to film a beer commercial w yunho. yunho: wld u all want to see one? " 
"rt user call (626) 599-3700 &amp; ask ceo bane to stop selling beer brewed by backers of trump &amp; gop! . . 
"rt user from floating restaurants to cheese shops there are hundreds of places to refuel by the water. . 
"rt user changmin said he likes beer a lot and he hopes he can film a beer advertisement with yunho. yunho: is there beer advertisemen" 
"where can i get good korean fried chicken wings" 
"this is an amazing thread . 
"rt user [taeyanginkl] hes back with an encore! the bouncy bread down . 
"whoever crafted this title deserves an oscar . 
"rt user igambleon whether on not to refrain from eating bacon... i usually always lose." 
"user no. not a damn thing. and today i had champagne and light beer. still nothing. no headaches. been drink . 
"rt user eat enough krispy kreme donuts and you'll glow like one. . 
"rt user we ran out of eggs, but i have plenty of sausage whatelsedouwant4breakfast . 
"rt user you cant buy happiness but you can buy donuts . 
"rt user today me &amp; my kid went for vegan pizza &amp; watched cast away. then i dropped moulin rouge on her. oh ya." 
"pizza and streaming make the perfect pair tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + to get a snack for your scary movie night " 
"ingredients ain't cheap stupid idiot . 
"drinking a kentucky breakfast stout (kbs) (2017) by user @ quality beer . 
"rt user welcome back october. may yours be filled with: - huntin' - cooler weather - football - cold beer - bonfires " 
"user you should have chicago style pizza with sausage, pepperoni, cheese and bacon. a better pizza w . 
"user user lou's should do a sausage pizza hot pocket and have jg do a commercial for it. yourewelcome $$$" 
"douse us all in grape soda . 
"i just wanna bake cookies w/ you " 
"rt user [bonus] 103. cheese jerky - mitchel musso &amp; jason earles. hannah montana had moments man. . 
"rt user pizza and streaming make the perfect pair tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + to get your snack on . 
"set of 12 wooden tea cup cheese board and spreader usd 29.99 . . 
"rt user ok but did you buy it for him . 
"rt user mike amiris on me stretch but im holdin all this bread ima keep me a bag, they been sayin i was next ever since i jumpe" 
"user pizza is not dumb" 
"i bet neil armstrong was pretty bummed to discover the moon wasn't made of cheese." 
"i just earned the 'i believe in ipa! (level 64)' badge on user . 
"my mom is going to bed with a beer in her hand.." 
"casey has ordered us pizza twice this week, a week before user wedding. i am going to be a heifer cantsaynotopizza" 
"i like the shortbread cookies from the girl scouts there i said it" 
"the pancake has burned in the griddle. i repeat, the pancake is burned in the griddle send in ... the syrup" 
"so im supposed to fast this weekend but i literally almost binged on yellow cake and chocolate frosting..." 
"ummmm the 24-hour-a-day cookies at this hotel have raisins in them. raisins. no." 
"three sheeps cashmere hammer stout nitro on tap now. . user craftbeer chicago nowpouring beermenus" 
"rt user fake news . 
"spaten oktoberfest on tap now. . user craftbeer chicago nowpouring beermenus" 
"user lemme get a stuffed crust from pizza hut and one of the big ass cookies ill dm address" 
"the fact that i'm basically destroying my body for beer league softball makes me question my life choices" 
"user if you're going to tax anything, tax soda. honestly, i want to slap an economics textbook on their heads for repealing this." 
"user while you could already buy beer and rent a car lol" 
"user man, cheese curds are so good." 
"adulting to me is being able to eat a salad without adding bacon or dressing " 
"thinking of having a pizza? call us @ 708-403-3335 pizza italianvilllapizza orlandpark . 
"just got offered a beer on my walk to patricia and kellys " 
"they say when you meet the pizza of your dreams, time stops. and that's true. pizza orlandpark italianvillapizza . 
"nothing beats a hot fresh pizza !!pizza#orlandpark italianvillapizza . 
"rt user because 1 cheese mac and cheese just isn't enough . 
"user the beer nerd and friday college football crowd is probably not a very big cross section, but i am here for this" 
"the question is do i get the lava cakes from dominos" 
"pizza movies and drugs would be life r/n" 
"rt user bacon-wrapped fries . 
"rt user episode 601 - 607: i dont eat dairy. 54% of way through crossover: can someone please get me a grilled cheese sandwich" 
"rt user so cute for the kids' lunchboxes this month! 100% real cheese. learn more here: . ad " 
"rt user happy friday night, mis amigos. going out for pizza &amp; a respite from trump anxiety. . 
"my friend crystal is making monkey bread" 
"user user so are the lava cakes it adds up my paypal is mberk100user 
"user or..... i could gain the ability to pull pizza out of thin air and it would have no impact on my cholesterol." 
"user user user user in school the ppl i know who had to pay for lunch paid like $1.60 . 
"rt user say cheese . 
"rt user let me get that pizza n fries . 
"bring back the beer with jesus thomas rhett . 
"rt user tonight on user user visits a family in chalmette, la. together they break bread and reconcile differ " 
"user user email customer service!! one time they gave me two free pizzas a dessert pizza and a two liter of pop!!" 
"rt user 101317 |wannaoneinmanila woojin x jihoon how can i sleep? pink sausage burned it up! woojin jihoon " 
"rt user user - morning sausage - user e user . 
"rt user jay alexander&amp; hans berlin "morning sausage" by user . 
"rt user craftbeer mr. beer northwest pale ale 2 gallon homebrewing craft beer refill kit . 
"rt user there is so much you can do with puff pastry. so many different recipes! find out here: . " 
"user user kraft mac and cheese gonna sue you... . 
"rt user buy 1 user w/ visa checkout, get your next pizza free while supplies last. terms and exclusions apply. . 
"my dog drinks beer" 
"tomorrow is our 2nd annual oktoberfest! beer, brats, sauerkraut, pretzels, &amp; swag! dress up, get rewarded! 8pm start time/free beer at 10pm!" 
"rt user dinner :) chicken with onions/peppers/garlic/cheese.. so good!!! agatakitchen . 
"because everything taste better with cheese!!!!!" 
"i thought she had the pillsbury doughboy pay her a visit. . 
"fried catfish. smothered chicken. collard greens. grilled pork chops. candied yams. is your mouth-watering yet?... . 
"rt user only 7 ingredients in this sage apple stuffed pork tenderloin in bacon ! juicy, tender and bursting . 
"time to relax and enjoy a nice cold beer! beerme " 
"rt user what type of beer do bunnies like? ipa's, bc their all about the hops dadjokes" 
"10-14 a dutch cheese with true italian flair! robusto is a... . parrano . 
"rt user pulp &amp; lusia - beer . girlswithtattoos hot inked inkedgirls nsfw sexy sg suicidegirls t" 
"grants first beer . 
"user "sure if thats what you want to do. we could go back to the hotel. there is still a loaf of bread . 
"user user leave my soda alone!" 
"may i have one? ^_o . 
"rt user user theres a full dead bug cooked into my pizza. refund? . 
"is it a new england thing to rim your beer with cinnamon sugar? cause this is some game-changing stuff. providence" 
"user the pumpkin line in the beer buzz was a copy/paste mistake. ignore that crap." 
"thanks chad w. - drinking a white angel by user at user . photo" 
"rt user my amazing wife made me some ki ki cookies!! she's the greatest!! i'm lucky to have her. . 
"cheers from crystal lake! happy friday the 13th. - drinking a ryeday the 13th by user - . photo" 
"user it's so fun, we do facials, light candles, talk, bake cookies. this week we're adding pedicures." 
"rt user varsity opens maine west pumpkin tournament with victories over maine east (25-19, 25-18) and downer's grove south " 
"is cheese a fruit or a vegetable? " 
"rt user some dip their chicken tenders in the side of sawesome sauce, some don't. grab them w/ fries &amp; a drink for just $5. . 
"rt user chocolate peanut butter cake . 
"i'm so confused on how i just ordered pizza&amp; the shit just got made&amp; put in the delivery car all in 14 mins ..... this shit better be legit" 
"rt user shout out to insomnia cookies, target and perkins!! thanks for sponsoring us and helping in the fight against domes " 
"nothing like our version of a calzone !!! orlandpark pizza italianvillapizza calzones . 
"cameron dallas if you are reading this you should know that i love you more than i love pizza, and i love pizza a lot" 
"rep. moylan is a chief cosponsor of hb 4083. the measure would prohibit counties from imposing soda taxes in the future." 
"rt user don't call for delivery, make these! these homemade pepperoni pizza twists are enjoyable for the entire family. " 
"up next, the food version of "big bucks, no whammies...stop!" "wretched rice cakes of love!" ranma" 
"rt user she said me or da bread /|\ / \ / ) " 
"user lol im at a pizza place too!!!!!" 
"so to find true love, akane has to make rice cakes and if sakura blossoms form on his face, that's akane's love. ranma" 
"rt user my pizza is 20 minutes late.....you better not cross me papa user 
"just ate a whole pizza to myself, happy friday" 
"now, wherever i work, they do have halloween treats, but its moreso cookies, &amp; its closer to halloween:-)" 
"rt user bring me donuts if u wanna get in fa da free free . 
"we hear mac n cheese closes at 9pm but they r part of the bar crawl that ended at 10pm. some not so happy folks out there. wisconsindells" 
"user user eggsactly 8&gt; can't serve a sick duck spongy eggs amirite? plus he needs that runny yolk . 
"user user now that is some toasty bread" 
"rt user wait so do u have garlic bread or nah" 
"rt user grilled cheese is bae . 
"user can i get a few cookies " 
"how mcdonald's and wendy's come out with some chicken tenders at the same damn time." 
"rt user can we all just agree that beer ramen is the best thing user has ever done" 
"update: asked for a cheese and chicken quesadilla and theres no cheese....s/o to you taco bell u guys are great" 
"rt user don't joke about bringing home pizza and not have pizza when you get home. i take pizza very seriously." 
"user i see a giant statue proudly holding up a bacon wrapped doughnut." 
"do your research when youre going out to meet a perspective client for the f . bacon notaboutu" 
"rt user instantpot queso mac &amp; cheese with taco meatballs recipe . . 
"tbh, the organizers who handled wannaoneinmanila are shitty too. believe me hun, the tweets u see on twt about w1 . 
"rt user people...let walter and his home rest in peace. saymyname . 
"user give that man a beer!" 
"see you this sunday user for user saycheesefest . 
"user u want a pizza delivered later on give me a bell gallowhill" 
"apple bacon roasted brussels sprouts recipe . . 
"cook co. board president toni preckwinkle on soda tax: in her own words . . 
"user user yum. jelly donuts. thats the attention span of so much of our electorate and why we . 
"being stuck makes you creative. i put a block of cheddar in my chicken cream soup. yay! those melted cheese really consoles me." 
"rt user another great chifriflights check out chicagos craft beer scene: . . 
"you're invited: pancake breakfast - hickory hills kiwanis club . 
"one of my most favorite beer companies in the world. yebisu!!! here is to the last night in . 
"what if the pizza guy is my niece?" 
"rt user chicken nuggets &amp; french fries . 
"jollyhotdog extra cheesy jollyhotdog extra bacon jollyhotdog extra spicy excited na akong malaman. . 
"user jollyhotdog extra cheesy jollyhotdog extra bacon jollyhotdog jalapeo flavored excited na akong mal . 
"playing :: martin garrix - pizza :: always spinnin' the best at . !" 
"rt user it's friday the 13th and i just realized i ordered pizza from some random place called lucifers!?! *cancels order*" 
"young medium hot coffee and a sausage egg &amp; cheese on a croissant. . 
"rt user good beer and people beating the shit out of one another = a good time user . user puts on a grea " 
"gurnee donuts on yelp: just got 3 dozen for the fam to munch on this weekend. got a variety to try out. everything . 
"rt user beer vs soju but i didnt drink ^^; . 
"rt user 10 restaurantes con pizza (made in spain) . . 
"my wife asked me last night to go pick up donuts this morning because peanut wants them lol " 
"jollibee is calling my name, and seducing my soul with their cheesy bacon mushroom burger? who doesnt love that? " 
"the prairie state pigskin staff did a triathlon last night in preparation of todays isu at siu game: pizza, drinks &amp; tv sports. fcs" 
"gelato, donuts, homemade, tiramisu, yummy! nationaldessertday2017!!!! morkes georgio's swissmaidbakery manny' . 
"rt user bacon egg &amp; cheese fried rice . 
"new beer user very interesting style, a kolsch with coffee. perfect indian summer beer. nearly 20 pounds of be . 
"rt user i am having pizza this evening and it's not even sunday. yeah. i know. james." 
"user only for the fish it was fried to perfection lol" 
"pokiifact favorite food is cheese cake and animal crackers." 
"- caf work w/ brent &amp; diana - ball pit &amp; rave @ moonlight studios - giant pizza slices from baccis yesterday wa . 
"user user says who? soda consumption has been on the decline for a decade . 
"ive heard of a shower beer but the real winner is a shower topo." 
"rt user vote for triad!!! go to . and vote triad to have a pizza party for 400 students!!!! search pep-zo" 
"dear god. eating pizza with a knife and fork is exhausting. almost makes me want to not eat it all. butiwill italy" 
"rt user livmun happymatchday lfc lfcfamily ynwa @ smaltimore- burgers, sushi and craft beer . 
"square to ducking cheese and rice i thought i left my phone at home and almost had a heart attack" 
"we must face vader. it's time to brew the sixth star wars beer! let's do this! . via user 
"spv wallet bread lets users decide during the segwit2x hard fork . bitcoin . 
"rt user foods 1 with their spooktacular fruit pizza! . 
"omg bacon hotdog jalapeo hotdog cheesy hotdog omg . 
"i cant wait to tour user today! heard the beer is amazing." 
"rt user ian beer's extra_recipe and rrm wifi exploit . 
"rt user come to the career fair at the ramada inn off of i-74, pinecrest ave. exit. complimentary monical's pizza, first co " 
"rt user 10-14 a dutch cheese with true italian flair! robusto is a... parrano . 
"the latest the diggsville gazette! . thanks to user user user beer craftbeer" 
"rt user turkey bacon &gt; regular bacon and i really don't care if you disagree" 
"lmao kyle long is going to pancake this guy . 
"user done properly, i like it. mostly for the cream cheese frosting, though!" 
" prost to the ample beer maidens of oktoberfest (40 photos) . 
"clemson gonna clemson! clemson hold my beer. washington st" 
"weekends are for donuts and coffee at user portagegrounds eatlocal . 
"eating a fresh slice of pizza while roaming the streets of venice = priceless. . 
"rt user rainz feeding you some fried chicken rainz # . 
"rt user white castle burgers &amp; bacon cheese fries . 
"is this braille on my beer can???? . 
"rt user guy cracking open a beer in the brown line after work. i feel you. solidarity where'smine" 
"read pancake fundraiser, spookapalooza come to the sugar grove public library on oct. 28 . 
"rt user accidentally fell in love w the pizza guy and found out he had a gf rip" 
"donuts with my girl to kick off the birthday weekend shenanigans! sweeteverlykate . 
"friends, stop by the vfw today and support our veterans! lots of bacon-themed foods available from 10 am to 6 pm! . 
"pr no.53705: take beer!! takbeer!!! islamicstate is isis isil daash daesh daeshbags dawlah dawla . 
"user user how's the craft beer selection" 
"l: if you're 90% chunk ass, what's the other 10%? d: hash browns." 
"theres a tenderloin, egg, cheese, and bacon nestled in that biscuit and gravy. . . 
"oktoberfest today, veterans memorial park, downtown mchenry, il oktokberfest rotary mchenrycountyliving beer . 
"don't take a chance and not get your pizza, papajohns runs out but i have never heard of a pizza hut running out. . 
"rt user caramel stuffed cookies will give you all the fall feels . . 
"so is it acceptable to make a pizza since i worked all night and havent slept yet?" 
"add there are no happy marriages...everyone cheats to that list . 
"are you hungry? stop by the civic center for the morton grove days commission all you can eat pancake breakfast... . 
"i saw a great peanut butter cookie recipe that i thought my dad would love!my best cookies are chocochip &amp; snickerdoodles though user 
"user oct 20th, 8:00pm, no cover, livemusicchicago singersongwriter chicagobars beer . 
"thanks user unlimitedscreaming and user for the pizza and cheese sticks. . 
"rt user pizza hut is testing vegan cheese at 5 of its uk restaurants. have you tried it yet? . 
"eating drinking beer at ham's cup . 
"rt user facebook status: look at my amazing marriage! we're so happy and in-love! twitter status: i'd consider fucking my husb" 
"who is the "bread winner" in your household?" 
"what can make you feel better in this gloomy weather we're having??? our boston cream cakes of course!!! . 
"user very yes to salt, no ketchup. now, sriracha and salt is another matter entirely...." 
"chicken kebob w/fries $6.50; cajun chicken sandwich w/fries $6.50; daily beer specials $5.50/ bottle; $4 daily shot specials" 
"rt user i miss the good old days when we tweeted about bacon and duct tape and penguins...." 
"it's been a long time coming....and we finally perfected the chocolate cake donut! find them in our bake shop! . 
"protein. donuts. say what? user new organic turmeric bone broth protein powder is the secret ingredient: . 
"rt user etsy plate lefton china bread salad dessert decorative pink roses porcelain blm . via user 
"gonna make some fall cookies today for a lil cookie workshop at user s next weekend cookies fun fall punkins" 
"rt user i want the little halloween sugar cookies so bad" 
"steak egg and cheese bagel is at user mitch can i get (my order) .. i need (his order) because hes that excited" 
"plenty of pumpkins, plenty of cider, pies, and cider donuts left. come on out and get your pumpkins for this halloween" 
"rt user bacon isn't the most important ingredient in a blt according to topchef judge user . 
"rt user sibling rivalry! lynchian design! delicious beer! . . 
"user makes the best white macadamia cookies ive ever had" 
"toasted cakes pm me for orders" 
"happy happy birthday user thank you sa pizza earlier! hahahaa love you my super-generous-sa-sweets friend " 
"when you tryna lose weight but your partner still wants to eat pizza and cupcakes " 
"rt user you mean user the woc you slander w/ your donuts &amp; user who risked her career not being a cheater " 
"free back to nature chocolate chunkcookies . . 
"rt user let.... us.... go-ith... . 
"young pizza puff . 
"most disappointing childhood memory: asking for a "plain cheeseburger with nothing extra" at mcd's &amp; they gave me a burger with no cheese." 
"you cant drink all day unless you start in the morning... - drinking a moloko by user at user . 
"user ...for donuts . 
"drink beer, support user and win cutting privileges to the pliny the younger release sonomafires . 
"rt user yeah abs would be cool but tacobell and beer are cooler" 
"black cat coasters, halloween beer mat, kitty cat coasters, cat e . epiconetsy housewarming . 
"rt user who called it swiss cheese instead of holy cow?" 
"nice read, both clever workaround and oauth analogy via beer. i describe oauth with similar but theme park analogy.. . 
"rt user user youre living in a dream world, neo.. french fries are chips &amp; chips are crisps. chips are best with " 
"rt user mac and cheese if you please : supervicky55 . 
"morning sweets with a side of eggs and bacon . . 
"stupid is as stupid does. . 
"user i never received my pizza " 
"itsaclassik!!! "champagne &amp; cookies"(music video) - user / . / trilllifestyle" 
"rt user i woke up this morning and i grabbed myself a beer . 
"rt user beer and coffee...the perfect combo. we're pretty psyched about this beerhoptacular custom latte art from user " 
"user in about 6 hrs.. i might be /^^////////tobins inside of monicals. /^^/. and then they have a backbo . 
"this guy is the best if u like to diy ur halloween decor . 
"cheesy pepperoni pizza sticks! . 
"rt user "no rapping tonight" why? "you rap about patrick swayze everytime, it's embarrassing" ok [after one beer] uh oh y'all it's ge" 
"rt user how often do you consume beer, wine, 'shine, vodka, rum, or any other alcoholic beverage?" 
"have you seen our latest news? beer &amp; networking, newest video, workforce luncheon date . . 
"spotlight saturday - meet our team - meet urbano, romualdo &amp; enrique.... the creative team of stellas pizza.... . 
"rt user user needs ketchup." 
"rt user $2.49 that's the cost of my vegan lunch. but apparently thats too expensive for people addicted to cheese &amp; meat . 
"user smoke this (bread) drink this (energy drink) ill do whatever i want whore" 
"try our lunch slice! lunch pizza pizzatime martels martelspizza local murphysboro . 
"rt user issa wrap if my boo pull up on me like this, we fucking while the cookies baking . 
"rt user [finishing tour earlier than expected] dairy farm guide: i told you last time that mozzaeric is not a cheese." 
"rt user cheese bacon &amp;amp; egg burger &amp;amp; tater tots . 
"netflix beer chill " 
"god bless uniteds defense for being swiss cheese every once in a while - if only so degea can bless us mortals with his greatness." 
"rt user . user is definition of "we don't rebuild, we reload." what a job coach bacon and staff are doing!" 
"user user remember when blue jay fans got angry at the right call and threw trash and hit a baby with a . 
"rt user floral-adorned donuts = perfection. . . 
"links . 
". user you should try this" 
"hey chicago! who's thinking donuts this saturdaymorning? noshame . . 
"pancake house . 
"rt user *rubs mac &amp; cheese on gums*" 
"rt user in a city where the craft beer's all good, let the food dictate where you go. aka five brewpubs to love in chicago " 
"user i don't like cream cheese on its own or on bagels (even flavored kinds) but i do like cheesecake." 
"rt user oh america i hope you can get your country back asap. the worst it is getting. let us know if we need to ship down " 
"treat yourself today to a delicious pizza # italianvilllapizza orlandpark pizza . 
"just added bourbon county brand stout by user to our menu . 
"im getting buschhhhh gear for drinking beer and you can too. yes, really. sign up at . . 
"user italy is beautiful, camila is beautiful.. this video is life get well soon kaki.. dont eat too much cheese again " 
"rt user breaking cook county board approves repeal of soda tax . . 
"rt user everyone deserves a beer " 
"someone has finally put it in words . 
"user u a real ass nigga &amp; i salute u, not everything i tweet people gonna agree with it, i know diddy d . 
"mmm! applewood smoked bacon from user butcher counter is the best around. delicious! . 
"rt user this is so fucking annoying and not funny at all. when is this shit gonna stop . 
"and if your gig is pizza instead ...... eh? . 
"chicken biscuit can go . 
"user user i disagree about cold spaghetti, but i'm 100% on board with cold pizza." 
"pop, lox, &amp; drop it. brunch fromscratch pizza weekendbrunch westloop : user . 
"10/14 lunch 11:30-12:30 fried chicken chunks; gdf chicken tenders; vegi apple walnut acorn squash; whole kernal corn; smoked potato wedges" 
"this isn't a normal big &amp; little's . 
"i'm talkin 5 eggs over easy, toast, home fries, hashes, 2 scrambled eggs, some sausage, 3 eggs sunny side up, bacon, 4 pancakes, and 2 eggs" 
"i looked online for places in little rock who might have some salmon croquettes. everybody got fuckin crab cakes" 
"sign your child up for this fun class user to learn how to make halloween cookies: . 
"cookies for breakfast. who's with me?!" 
"todays the day! get ready for cheese, chicken, &amp; more!! . 
"cook countys now-dead sodatax and the weinstein scandal have one thing in common and its not going away. . 
"rt user warm up with a cozy mug of london fog tea and a side of yummy paleo pumpkin chocolate chip cookies! ad teaproudly " 
"i was having a bad morning.....until i got cinnamon donuts and now all is fine " 
"rt user a dozen pancake recipes within: . 
"would like to vote in a new pizza club member. user user user user user . 
"rt user sign your child up for this fun class user to learn how to make halloween cookies: " 
"stuffed peanut butter cup cookies . 
"i love having the squishies here bc i get baked &amp; watch kids movies all day w no repurcussions. they don't judge me. plus so many cookies." 
"rt user 2016 world series game 7: "you'll never see a crazier game" 2017 nlds game 5: "hold my beer"" 
"user user user they need a good beer down there." 
"online in 5 minutes. come hang out and enjoy a beer with me :) . . 
"barrel room saturdays. penrosebrewingcompany beer brewing brewery fermentation beardsofinstagram barrelroom . 
"small town diner... bacon misspelled. fresh ground coffee out of folgers can. fox news on tv, trump poster. redamerica wecandobetter" 
"user user then y'all bama fans won't be making fun of pizza party's for the playoff selection show now would you" 
"johnson brothers summerchintz 7 bread dessert plates england floral . 
"user user i remember odor flipping bautistas glasses off his face. and blue jays fans nailing a baby with a half full beer....." 
"rt user pop, lox, &amp; drop it. brunch fromscratch pizza weekendbrunch westloop : user . 
"love amish friendship bread? the friendship bread kitchen is giving away a popover pan! . 
"mmmmm .. i finally got to try out betty janes kitchen and their awesome donuts!! good thing . 
"reporters standing in a hurricane: danger is our middle name this guy: hold my beer . 
"rt user can we make caseys breakfast pizza a 24 hour thing?" 
""the kids loved sleeping in and waking up to the scent of pancakes and sausage" . breakfast . 
"weekend watch:cook county soda tax repeal: . . 
"rt user just found some ketchup in my shoe. feeling blessed. . 
"el elohim ministries: daily bread of life . 
"lets get a birthday beer . 
"rt user if you're ever in inverurie make sure you stop off for great food,fab coffee &amp; cakes at thekiltedfrog thanks for " 
"rt user the 1st canal girl guides are at user selling mint cookies til noon come get yours fallriverns . 
"5 miller high life glass beer mugs mancave bar . 
"rt user have you figured what will you do for dinner? no? check this pizza pasta recipe here: . . 
"user chocolate chip cookies! with extra nielson-massey vanilla!!! . 
"rt user tonight: -retweet for no cover and a chance to win $100 bartab -$4 mixed drink &amp; beer pitchers -$.50 cent shots . 
"nice - drinking a chocolate &amp; vanilla milk stout by user @ vail brewing co. vail village . 
"user ahhhh, sausage link would have been so good!" 
"get your user for 50% off your next pizza!" 
"to much lean in my soda u know i had to po it" 
"woodfired pizza's with dog ny pizzeria woodfiredpizza hotdogs . 
"i really want some pizza and some popcorn " 
"rt user yeah, i'm that mom with beer in her yeti at your kids bday party...don't judge." 
"fried chicken sandwich coated in hotboy with blue cheese on top! doesn't get any better! have it . 
"check out budweiser beer rare 1987 mardi gras doubloon coin rare clydesdales horse . via user 
"just a random girl and her cat, i don't care. i like all the cats every where. . 
"pure bread . 
"it's name is bacon. that is the greatest name for a cat." 
"user in your dreams!! ha! see what i did there? but seriously, sure, you can have one of my dream cookies." 
"rt user three dozen geese were found dead in an upstate new york pond. the culprit? moldy bread. . 
"user user i love it and retweeted it. bacon is the greatest name for a cat. i have 1 named crazy . 
"user what they sellin cookies" 
"rt user new beer review: 95 pts user old 504 new orleans, louisiana . 
"user asktroye come back to nyc and i'll buy you pizza thanks!" 
"drinking a young pretender by user @ holy loch inn . 
"grain free pancake muffins recipe. gluten free &amp; so fluffy! . . 
"mmmmm beer drinklocal (@ lazlo's brewery &amp; grill - haymarket in lincoln, ne) . 
"user payment taken. 18:46. pos terminal says 18:38 though. still waiting.. 2nd pizza stacked on first one that's.cont.." 
"rt user raw pizza bites &gt; pizza lunchables . 
"pompomglam partysupplies cupcakeflags . glam, yet adorable for cakes and cupcakes. use for . 
"rt user vetements fall/winter 2017\2018 . 
"when kaleb wake up from his nap, he's gonna be ready to make cookies- tho he doesnt eat them lol" 
"who wanna get that work on beer pong at twerkwarspajamaedition pregame im undefeated" 
"the place where dreams come true bacon htx blessed @ doc's motorworks bar &amp; grill . 
"user user user i tipped my pizza delivery guy 30% last xmas &amp; told him "happy holidays . 
"just realised i have tweeted about pizza in ages because i haven't burnt it...what a surprise" 
"loveher embodyingbeauty pastorslife afternoonoff @ brew (shreveport's beer festival) . 
"well another year gone for the kid. he got waffles and bacon for breakfast and is looking forward to a day of... . 
"rt user barstool pizza review - wedgewood pizza (youngstown, oh) . 
"rt user im having a lil yard sale! selling shit. come thru. i made cookies 1410 jensen ave " 
"brew beer festival is underway! over 150 beers, food, music, sports and more is happening now at shreveport's premi . 
"start off the week with a fresh, ice cold beer and bar food favorite at turtle's bar. . . 
"warehouse party tonight user x user 10pm-late free beer til 11pm 18+ supa tite djs . 
"rt user bully beat down. and i don't mean the bull. . 
"i want some fuckin cheese fries" 
"true . 
"2nd chance donuts survey. user . 
"rt user who tryna go to nola with me . 
"rt user seokjin complaining about how his mother didnt bought pizza for him and his friends will always be the cutest thin " 
"please have fun filling this out! we appreciate your feedback secondchances donuts superfood . 
"i just know this shit good . 
"somebody get blaze pizza w me" 
"when you come home and the first invite you get is a beer pong and a swimming party. i am going to need an adult." 
"rt user i walked past a tennessee fried chicken the other day, and i wondered how many uk chicken shops are called "[us state]" 
"throw out bread crumbs, you get a few pigeons." 
"rt user i just want someone to deliver french fries to my house once a day. is that so much to ask???" 
"this little boy saw me about to walk in pizza hut and ran to open the door for me. y'all know my emotional self was about to cry" 
"user right? i'm highly motivated by food. gimme ramen, pho, or even a great pizza and that will motivate me to beat the other guy." 
"island's cheese fries are so bomb " 
"i saved a truckload of money one beer with this one simple trick. . 
"i eat way too much pizza " 
"rt user thank you, jimmy! . 
"rt user love that tiny redbeard brewing here in staunton made the big time with these big dogs like lagunitas and founders https" 
"rt user october 14, 1978: president jimmy carter signed bill hr1337, which included the federal legalization of home beer- " 
"rt user aww look at bacon . 
"a man just bought me a beer bc i helped him spell a word to text someone" 
"rt user user full on fallopian fungus? cheese on the taco?" 
"user harvey has textbook god complex. complicity amongst peers + a willful ignorance makes these pigs feel infa . 
"i need a drink and a chocolate cake" 
"dominos can remodel all the stores they want but their pizza continues to be is terrible. they need to make the pizza better." 
"user i will supply the puns, bad grammar, and soda pop!" 
"the best cheese at trader joe's . 
"user user user user damn i'm in chicot. hot this year for gumbo. you enjoy. bring lots of cold beer" 
"i couldnt wait i just had some hahaha but i love sidecar!!! . 
"literally the reason i hate energy drinks lol . 
"my sister made me a grilled cheese and sopita de fideo lol das love" 
"i have a follow up to this tweet...... . 
"good example of the style. would love to try a fresh mrzen. - drinking a samuel adams octoberfest at user - . 
"rt user i know i retweeted this earlier but this made me laugh my ass off this morning . 
"rt user user harvey has textbook god complex. complicity amongst peers + a willful ignorance makes these pigs feel infa " 
"la does this thing where they put cream cheese on bagel egg sandwiches and i'm kind of into it??" 
"i want shrimp fried rice and orange chicken" 
"rt user i want shrimp fried rice and orange chicken" 
"rt user i really love texas roadhouse bread!" 
"rt user i know you did not just call mozzarella sticks "cheese pulls" . 
"rt user if u go to canes and eat the chicken with ketchup u are a disgrace . 
"beer me, user @ brew (shreveport's beer festival) . 
"rt user warehouse party tonight user x user 10pm-late free beer til 11pm 18+ supa tite djs " 
"can any sd clones confirm my research that they do in fact sell beer for sdsu games at qualcomm/sdccu stadium? jungledrinkingteam" 
"vegan tasso &amp; smoked sausage red beans &amp; rice, green bean casserole &amp; french bread from bayouvegancafe! . vegannola" 
"like 6 months ago a coworker made me chicken and waffles with bacon jam and i haven't been able to stop thinking about it" 
"jordan iv oreo cookies and cream size 12 nike lebron . 
"who serves the best pizza in lafayette parish? tag their page in the comments, and tell me why them." 
"user i burned the roof of my mouth eating your pizza, how can we best move forward?" 
"what's wrong with beer? . 
"all bread winners" 
"only texans put ketchup on their corn dogs" 
". user user does anyone know if they serve beer at fius stadium? group ticket sales may depend on it." 
"user we got allll the cheese you need. cheesiest restaurant ever lol" 
"next nigga that press me, like a soda, ima pop!" 
"fortune cookies n plat" 
"only one game in, and ive come to the conclusion that im a better bowler when ive had beer " 
"i must have!!! . 
"rt user dawg i want some pizza so bad" 
"rt user marry a man that puts his pizza rolls in the oven instead of the microwave. he knows good things take a little more time" 
"user this is the time to go find tailgaters and hydrate with their fluids! beer " 
"rt user be smarter than me all you want, just do it over there, im eating cookies." 
"user alright ima order it you want pizza hut ? dm me" 
"happy nationaldessertday! please bring macarons, ice cream, and gelato to my bed 'cause i'm never leaving it. no c . 
"user 4real i love pizza and she fine af" 
"i just saw an older white man get caught stealing cheese from whole foods.. the race war has begun.. . 
"at a chicago pizza place like: . 
"kinda wanna order me pizza but idk which place is better" 
"finally a gift from the man himself. jesus . 
"rt user my mask and pancake store t-shirt is out now! buy here: . \(^_^)/ . 
"user user my guy finally sees the light... glad u put down that rice and ketchup" 
"bread and doritos is quite the mixture " 
"$7 gameday beers. every time a team you choose scores you get a free beer or $1 refills. i think fucking yes." 
"rt user damn cakes doesnt play games . 
"user i thought this said cookies" 
"rt user i love fall. ive worn my hoodies and boots. psl. apple picking. apple cigar. donuts. leaves im so in love with jehova" 
"mashed yuca with cheese " 
"hungry ass . 
"rt user weekend skills! winenot rt 4 ur wine &amp; cheese loving friends! onceuponawine user user " 
"im on my 6th beer &amp; the party hasnt even started " 
"i'm hurt i just burnt cookies " 
"watermelon beer rita . 
"user also you should see this press release it's very good: . 
"great triple ipa - drinking a techeticles by user - . photo" 
"i ordered hot cookies and a root beer float to be delivered to my seat this theatre rocks." 
"anyone who drizzles ketchup over their fries can't be trusted." 
"user i totally could! (be jelly, bishes). it's a football and pizza night!" 
"rt user give the whole thing a miss and you could save a fuckin life . 
"our kids run on a blog favorite, user and we're so excited to have them as a swag sponsor at donuts with santa! nombfamilyfun" 
"user n.o next weekend bihhh . 
"is there a vegan mac and cheese? i was joking lol . 
"rt user thespideronmywall just brought me a beer. good spider." 
"this a mf lie fried chicken do . 
"user i'm brining cookies downtown tn" 
"i'm going on a hunt for those holiday cookies today." 
"i'll bet you a year's supply of donuts that i'm gonna win. . 
"user user sttttttttttfuuuuuuuuu pfffffft waffle grill cheese me pls lmfao" 
"in this house we use beer as a chaser and a mixer dont disrespect . 
"rt user husband: you look like you could use a beer. me: . 
"rt user see this is how you do it. you see something good you share where you got it from. . 
"squeeze and cheese! (35f) adorable sexyaf nsfw . 
""it would be terrible if the wine got here before the beer" - my roommate waiting on her postmated alcohol" 
"your footballsaturdays are calling for this bacon-filled corn-bacon-crab chowder. . . 
"user i'll go dump out all your drinks so you can see the beer." 
"$4 can soda " 
"rt user pumpkin beer cooler . 
"fuck a date, i was tryna beat them cakes. . 
"are they gender neutral ? . 
"exterminate birds! - drinking a strumpet by user @ tex tubb's taco palace . 
"user nothings better then christmas, you ignorant cheese molester" 
"user user they serve beer in like europe" 
"rt user bruh you're a grown fucking man . 
"user user user bread pudding in the oven . 
"staying in today@ college football and beer. perfect" 
"rt user me- damn, could anyone be more awful than these hollywood execs? donna karan- hold my beer... . 
"i really want a hot dog or hot sausage with nachos" 
"rt user actually right now is cheddar cheese . 
"now for some good news . 
"rt user reeses peanut butter cups, cookies and vanilla ice cream. get ready to win nationaldessertday. " 
"why the fuck is there cookies &amp; cream flavored oreos like what???" 
"rt user for nationaldessertday, i'm celebrating non-sweet foods like this fried chicken cake with mashed potatos &amp; gravy ' " 
"imagine being this wrong . 
"rt user anyone else tryna cop this??? . 
"they got bread . 
"seasonal sweets! pumpkin spiced chocolate chip cookies . stupiddope . 
"rt user you see da trophies thot, you rocking wit da bread winner . 
"i love the hit song daisy chain . 
"rt user can you give me an approximate time user will perform "way home" ? . 
"this dude really just asked me for a crustless pizza. nigga, you want lasagna????" 
"why negotiate with evil killers? they have to give to public so that they can protect their families from terrorist . 
"i couldn't think of a grate cheese pun, so i thought a mature one would brie better." 
"user chicken rice cheese n sour cream burrito" 
"frogtown tonight 7:00p do / 7:30p sho free beer / get cute @ the left bank . 
"user user user yall got me? . 
"nap was legit mamas fried chicken sure can put a nigga to sleep " 
"user dead by madison beer" 
"soooooo this happened!!! @ district donuts sliders brew . 
"lg 2 top'ing pizza $8 these days. we've been getting screwed for years. justsaying" 
"rt user win 1 sausage dog re-uz carrier. f +rt to enter, winner picked on 25 oct doglovers dachshund dachshunds. " 
"love craft beer? a week from today, user celebrates 4 years in biz with a huge party, 30+ beers on tap: . 
"i am very sad someone please buy me a pizza" 
"rt user user user user yall got me? . 
"a nice surprise at the airport. lovely. - drinking an endpoint by user @ concourse c . photo" 
"user take a bath in apple vinegar, lemon juice and baking soda. then when you get out use aloe vera gel and vi . 
". . . (know)" 
"rt user laundry pizza @ gangnam today with user user . 
"rt user 20 rts and i'll bring a cardboard cutout of legolas to soda" 
"hop rising by squatters craft beers found at the bayou beer garden. about. damn. time." 
"jucifer by gnarly barley brewing found at the bayou beer garden. drink it up." 
"good eats on gameday ju hurrrrd . 
"i entered to win a walton's sausage stuffer kit from waltonsinc! giveaway free enter the giveaway here: . 
"help me win a 33 lb sausage stuffer kit from waltonsinc worth $600+! enter using my link to help me win! . 
"rt user its here! its left field &amp; unapologetic about it. it kicks back, sits back &amp; never backs down. thisisradler beer " 
"i didn't see any beer stands. . 
"a campechano cocktail at one of our favorite carretas in ensenada during todays seafood +craft beer daycation | . 
"my sides! watching this clip knowing the scenario its being used for is killing me! . 
"user you cant really compare the 2 codes, its chalk and cheese. both are proper racing" 
"only terrorist gets ketchup at canes" 
"cookies &amp; cream gelato at pizza artista. madefreshdaily . 
"rt user missing you and our share for the love of pizza!!! rest easy daddy 2years . 
"we got a 59 caucasian boy who looks like he just left chuckee cheese that plays taller than our 65 wr named cager" 
"rt user go user user and user superintendent johnson bet langer's 19s and deep dish pizza in the " 
"hallelujah it's raining sprinkles! what better way to celebrate nationaldessertday then a sunny sky full of cookie . 
"blast your chicken breast with mayo x shredded parmesan cheese mix... top with bread crumbs and tell me that shit don't come out " 
"woman shares what energy drinks did to her husband while she was 9 months pregnant . 
"gameday meal!! chicken, sausage and pork pastalaya!! pastalaya . 
"chinese chicken wings and shrimp fried rice after this work out " 
"aspire to be as passionate about anything as user is about chicken tenders" 
"user at user to test your theory of it being the best pizza place ever &amp; you're right. " 
"user start preparing for mr. lesters! that bread and steak is calling us!!!" 
"rt user "beggars" now available via user check it out nowrt, like, i appreciate it all . https" 
"rt user user va va voom smokin like 93 gas.! luv ya ;-) x" out 4 a couple of pint's some kind of bliss beer garden @ trav" 
"rt user in france, a "bakery" is required by law to make all of the bread it sells from scratch in order to have the right to" 
"rt user are men's hands broken or are they just too stupid to figure out how to put stuff between bread? . 
"rt user user me when i thought u were stan worthy then u eat mac n cheese w ketchup" 
"its saturday night and we are so ready for a party . any silver coin well get you an ice cold beer 7-10. doors open user see you all soon." 
"stop encouraging the stereotypes already placed on us...you a grown ass man . 
"my favorite part of weddings is the bread/" 
"rt user this pizza looks better than i do. . 
"user cheese on the whisker biscuit...." 
"user user ooc only thing that delivers here is pizza and i can't have that :(" 
"single-serve healthy pumpkin mug cake with chocolate pumpkin frosting this single-serve healthy pumpkin mug cake . 
"no ketchup just sauce, raw sauce" 
"rt cheese, wine, fireballs and vertical videos . . cheese, wine, fireballs and vertical vide" 
"rt user not surprised that seth rogen is a suspected pedophile. this movie was disgusting. perverts. all of them. tucker https:" 
"rt user i ran out of hot bread. pancakes are next in line" 
"user but.... fine, fine. i concede. though they have the best ketchup ever." 
"you can never go wrong with pizza! . 
"user that bread is so good... make sandwiches with those jawns . 
"people still queue for that bread? . 
"we now have a cheese board! stroubes idigbr gobr 225dine . 
"rt user user the crew working about 45 mins ago at the 71st &amp; binford location in indianapolis was both fun " 
"rt user weed infused oreo brownie with cookies and cream topping . 
"user will you be attending the holigh holy day known as beer cheese feeeeeest?" 
""i wish the lollipop tasted like bacon" - lilli " 
"rt user come see me tonight user user sotb $1 off tequila and mexican beer" 
"send garlic bread memes" 
"drag me :(( . 
"i need some fried fish." 
"oh my fucking god everythint abt this tweet has me dying . 
"fuck them bitches get ya bread son " 
"every single website i'm on has a masseduction ad queen of cookies snapped" 
"user must have been at the beer stand.." 
"they sleeepppppp!! . 
"rt user we could legit bake cookies and watch some movies at home and i'd be the happiest girl everrrrrrrrr . 
"user that if you throw bread crumbs, you get pigeons." 
"rt user joe alleva: im an embarrassment when it comes to handling coaches usmnt: hold my beer and watch this" 
"haven't baked oatmeal cookies in a min..." 
"rt user finally got my pumpkin beer" 
"my nephew just put ketchup up allll in my hair." 
"user diabetes/obesity is a bigger issue than any of the issues caused by alcohol. giving a child soda is . 
"rt user fuck them bitches get ya bread son " 
"tostada heaven at user on todays ensenada seafood + craft beer daycation | clubtengohambre baja . 
"when french fries are fried, they produce a toxic, possible cancer-causing chemical. it's best to stay far away from them." 
"yum! so good! - drinking a little juice smoothie- freshie edition by user at user . photo" 
"as brew (shreveport's beer festival) starts to wind down, aren't you happy lyft is live now in shreveport! . 
"rt user beer will never stab you in the back" 
"user user user want some cheese with your whine?" 
"user i voted pizza even tho it's the wrong answer because it's my favourite" 
"girl this the new location, i only see mary by pizza hut the only old one left! . 
"rt user knowledge is power. - sir francis bacon" 
"rt user eat that pizza! eat that pizza! user onebite . . 
"user gumbo...chicken and sausage gumbo!" 
"bruh...i am hollerin' over here best reprimand i've ever had in my life!!!!!!! . 
"my brother gets his friends parents to order pizza and deliver it to our house. finessin motherfucker " 
"user for that im going to make you a big ass thing of mac &amp; cheese and hand deliver it to you. dont hate on mac. u wack. " 
"user means doughnuts &amp; bacon? . perfectdoughnut user foodbloggers . 
"omg. you guys. what did we do to deserve pizza? like, seriously. it's just so awesome." 
" *cough* . 
"rt user its nationaldessertday ! cakes, cookies, donuts, pies, ice cream, and more are waiting to be devoured . 
"user water is just boneless soda" 
"shit id hug your mama and drink a beer with yo pops at my family reunion. . 
"i rewatched the pastry week gbbo to get my parents up to speed &amp; my heart is still breaking from julia leaving. stacey's bakes are trash." 
"i absolutely got bacon on my veggie patty sandwich" 
"omg i want bro . 
"is it nasty to you taste wise or you just don't like it cuz it's pork? . 
"user tequila anejo, lemon lime zevia soda, 1 qtr cut lime, rasp and blackberries for garnish add ice, refreshing evening drink" 
"its so sad that yall eat real meat and real cheese lmao" 
"girl auhmazing. do ya hear me. i need the special sauce too. . 
"oh really? . 
"about to play a prank on tatsu involving pizza. wonder how it'll go." 
"hi nabor i think. . 
"rt user beer pong @ my house tonight , come thruuu" 
"pizza time" 
"i cant nor do i want to drink beer but....brats....." 
"i still have never bought/drank beer on my own in my entire life lol" 
"rt user that's my secret, rocky. it's always pizza time. . 
"this crack head just told me the ancient egyptians are coming back in 2030. he also told me he was bald from eating fried chicken." 
"rt user if you want a president or pm who "you can have a beer with" you have fundamentally misunderstood the purpose of democracy." 
"connor culp you got a beer on me lsu geauxtigers" 
"jewish bread is a thing and its delicious wow " 
"keuchel the goat! verlander: hold my beer." 
"not saying i had a grilled cheese sandwich with dinner but - buttery fingers and bread crumbs." 
"i'm in the lambo makin donuts like i work for krispy kreme" 
"i drank 10 beer out of my 15 beer back. please support me as i attempt to finish." 
"user reasonably corrupt is the name of the beer...seems appropriate." 
"i just want some chargrilled oysters with hot sauce and french bread" 
"fried chicken jumbalaya and some type of vegetable idk yet" 
"got my king hawaiian sliced bread" 
"rt user "do not reward yourself with food: you are not a dog." from beer to maternity by julie hodgson . ou" 
"yeah when dudes are tripping out . 
"rt user this is a good soda. . 
"i will always tweet about my son...mso delete me now if you don't like it. he's should be here drinking a beer with me! god i'm mad!" 
"user isn't cookies and cream just a normal oreo?" 
"whatever. i'm gonna order a pizza and watch voltron and work on some things i guess" 
"what could be better on a fall evening in boston than a perfect wine &amp; cheese pairing? via user . 
"authentic west german lidded beer stein / behut dich . via user 
"user i'm a college student on a college budget. here's a chicken cutlet i put some swiss cheese on. it tas . 
"rt user user all that bread but you eating crumbs" 
"grain-free, nut-free and oil-free banana bread! . . 
"drinking an astroid by user @ auburn, ma . photo" 
"user you would enjoy the right said fred documentary sausage jockey " 
"amazing. - drinking a pier by user - . photo" 
"i just earned the 'bar explorer (level 5)' badge on user . 
"when the user app tells you we hope youre enjoying your pizza and it hasnt even arrived yet. " 
"gave pops some bread to get this bbq popping im bouta grub out " 
"the most important thing is that a cake should be moist. most people overcook cakes, which dries them out." 
"user what do these use for cheese curds?" 
"rt user *calls up pizza place* why would you cut my pizza so uneven? if you're trying to tear my family apart it's working" 
"user phelps_mark battle cry @ sons of liberty beer &amp; spirits co. . 
"maybe this tastes better in the basement mancave. now to p... (the other end imperial ipa) . photo" 
"user dunkin donuts trance music" 
"kevin bacon tried playing "six degrees of kevin bacon" once and beetlejuice appeared." 
"lunch: beer and peanut butter cookie waiting for girl to finish xc. dinner: margarita, chips, guac waiting for girl to finish water polo." 
"rt user it's 5pm - that means user is here! you can find her in our parking lot and she's serving up grilled cheese ta" 
"'breaking bad' fans have been throwing so much pizza on walter white's house the owner is putting up a fence . 
"when your daughter is playing and singing "i wish you were beer. i wish i was drinkin' ... oops maybe i should skip that song next time" 
"mr robot s03 e01 is like drinking beer which is 37 c cold. bobby cannavale steals the show though." 
"must've been the pizza" 
"i've had 1/3 of a beer and told stephen i was gonna tweet back on someone and he grabbed my phone and said "you've . 
"my 15yr old cousin just called me a puss bag bc i physically can't eat another slice of pizza without exploding lol" 
"user i hate beer pong and love this" 
"user user he absolutely said it. i almost choked on my beer. but he ended up being right" 
"rt user user loved your tutorial on how to cut hot bread. but i didn't need it. i'll just get you to cut that " 
"user pizza is the recommendation here? not a late night six pack or a handle of your favorite spirit?" 
""deaths of dozens of canada geese linked to moldy bread or grain" by vivian wang via nyt the new york times . 
"vacation to maine nah just more work thanks pops for waiting for me to come nort... (flume) . photo" 
"rt user we got booth on sale starting at $60! that include a slice a pizza, a bottle, and some now and laters! myasu 2000's" 
"party city employee hit by suv while walking to dunkin' donuts . . 
"your saturday happyhour is here! specials: $1 oysters, $5 beer, $6 sangria &amp; $7 wine. 4:30-6:30 - sfhappyhour . 
"rt user (317): when the 2 guys we were playing beer pong against realized that i'd hooked up with both of them, their teamwork declined a" 
"user missed the episode today due to work, but tonight i managed to ketchup." 
"reflections on glass, and beer. reflection beer craftbeer flame fire bitters whatvegansdrink . 
"rt user cake or cookies? nationaldessertday" 
"thx 2 our friends user &amp; user 4 the riesling &amp; cheese combo. perfectpairing . 
"rt user you're pretty. i never sausage beauty before oktoberfestpickuplines" 
"user oh hell yes. i still call it parlor lmao. kitchen, parlor, den haha. and i still tonic not soda." 
"some times i can't believe how much of a vegan i've become. my job got 30 boxes of pizza today and i couldn't of been more grossed out.. smh" 
"i use to fight over pizza lol now i really just don't care" 
"breaking: avon police tell me 19-year-old girl has died from her injuries after struck by jeep crossing this street . 
"and then user made supper with bacon and all is good in the world again." 
"rt user life is too scary &amp; serious these days... time for a dancebreak! footloose - final dance 1984 hd . 
"user user damn nate it looks more like a slice of digiorno pizza fell onto your head &amp; burned a . 
"rt user bacon all the bacon . 
"rt user if you're ever feeling down, wrap yourself in bacon... ...you'll feel better! humor lookup keepmoving foodforthought" 
"want . 
"rt user i just earned the 'land of the free (level 94)' badge on user . 
"rt user breaking: avon police tell me 19-year-old girl has died from her injuries after struck by jeep crossing this street " 
"getloose pin pals working out their tandem rolls and destroying ... (you and me and leslie) . photo" 
"carry me to pizza." 
"user user user user add nutella and it's heaven on bread!" 
"i guess i'm young cheese(y)? . 
"rt user i just made the best ghetto garlic bread ever lol" 
"rt user party city employee hit by suv while walking to dunkin' donuts . . 
"rt user how much (or little) we value our digital privacy? user user user user user . 
"quite flavorful and funky for being a pale ale - drinking a tornado by user - . 
"come by tomorrow for chicken + cheese sunday! well be walking samples on the user line while . 
"i went vegan for a while but i need my mac &amp; cheese don't judge . 
"picadera tropical master pizza 394 broadway lawrence delivery (978)208-7440 . 
"free pizza" 
"rt user our oyster saison, a collaboration with user will be tapped october 18! there will be beer, oysters, &amp; " 
"rt user soda delivery formats, ranked: 1) fountain 2) glass bottle 3) can 1,000,000) plastic bottle" 
"rt user you know youre old when you poop on your own balls every time you eat cheese..." 
"how hard is it for a man to get some beer " 
"has anyone been to dominic's on folsom blvd? apparently they have actual good ny-style pizza" 
"homemade chicken pot pie for dinner :p" 
"pedal 2 pints. 33 miles of rolling hills, foliage, and a few sips of local beer! user . 
"user user user user need brown bread with them too !! ( molasses bread)" 
"i never thought i would like sour ales but here i am, sour beer guy" 
"icymi&gt; acos: best thing since sliced bread, or swiss cheese? . healthcare hcldr . 
"last night i ordered broccoli and cheddar soup from a pizza place because it was on their menu. the owner said they didnt have any." 
"user you dont understand the extent to which i want to be in genny right now getting a beer with you both bahaha" 
"brighten your day with dancingdeer cranberry orange white chocolatechip cookies! momapproved preservativefree! . 
""ive grown to love the time it takes bread to toast." desire . 
"rt user lmao just do another version of how to cut hot bread but with quacksons user . 
"umm, trill does bottle service...and its glorious! - drinking a dusk trill dawn at user - . photo" 
"full cards w/ outcomes that have been sent out since thursday. numbers do not lie, virgins do that. nfl bread an bu . 
"user ive been binging theboldtype and eating pizza. life is good." 
"beer is good" 
"first &amp; last time i use user &amp; last time i'll ever order from pizza etc in haverhill ma! wrong order/i'm blamed for it &amp; hung up on!" 
"beer me!!! - drinking a captain's daughter by user - . photo" 
"i'm sitting in my old backyard drinking beer on a nice night. it's not the same, but it's better then public drinking right now." 
"rt user when your beer pong partner can't make a single cup . 
"hockey night in worcester! go user - drinking a brooklyn lager at user - . photo" 
"once you know that the foods we crave are made to be addictive you can start to break the pattern. here: . 
"creamy, light macaroni and cheese via user . 
"user user user user cheers photo op and beer only! durgin park if want coffee jello. legal got out of hand!" 
"clean, crisp and easy drinking - drinking a crop rotation ipa by user - . photo" 
"this ingredient has half the calories of bacon but all the flavor via user . 
"user check out lazzaris pizza on o st after the game. unlike my huskers it wont disappoint" 
"guinness celebrates 200 years of beer in the usa . via user 
"my drive thru dude was savage. warning this is not a funny video. this is me ordering dunkin' donuts and meeting a . 
"my kid will catch this fade user . 
"this dressing makes literally everything taste like pizza via user . 
"user nothing gets me excited like the phrase, bread for the table" 
"*sugar in spaghetti...cant love someone like that . 
"crunch a fied vegan burger caramelized onions mixed greens on onion bun with o rings siracha just n gin n tonic lim . 
"i'm not saying i don't enjoy days that i'm not eating chocolatecake. but i do particularly like those days when i am eating chocolate cake" 
"user user user who says oktoberfest beer isn't" 
"user i used a few cookies to get it mostly through level 4, but the last few i need from the stage are taking forever....." 
"super strong pungent hop flavor, full of resinous and piney accents... (harvest ale (2017)) . photo" 
"string cheese incident - 2001-10-26 - mullins center - . nowplaying user 
" fetus-cakes: theres only two genders . 
"i'm tasting the age a bit - drinking a bourbon county brand stout (2013) 14.9% by user @ the kingdom . 
"i'm tryna bake cookies and watch the xfiles any1 down just feel free to pull up thanks" 
"i can cook but i choose to make mac and cheese every night instead" 
"nothing exciting for me. just a stout - drinking a short, dark &amp; handsome by user - . photo" 
"tasty, solid hop bitterness within style - drinking a headwall alt by user @ the kingdom . 
"sweetest sour i've had, tastes like crab apple pie with a scoop of ic... (weisse a la mode) . photo" 
"your mcm's liver be doing the tootse roll cause he wanted to drink beer instead of water" 
"the buzzer buzzes and in comes pizza. thank the "lord"" 
"user user i wanted vodka and soda! this is tonic! waaaaahhhh!!!!" 
"rt user do u need a pic of a rat eating a heart-shaped miniature pancake? of course you do . 
"beer lines suck." 
"i ate more carbs than any human should be allowed tonight. stuffed pasta topped with cheese soaked in cheese sauce. . 
"one beer means 8 beers livepd" 
"user where did you find vegan pizza?" 
"about a 4.5 but were giving 5 for the name and 2500 - drinking a double nelson @ auburn, ma - . photo" 
"rt user funnel cake bacon queso burger and fletcher's corn dogs. user knows exactly how to do ou-texas. boomer . 
"user would you like some pasta with your cheese? " 
"what the fuck is a root beer float?" 
"rt user ghost pizza bagels via delish. ghastlygastronomy . 
"user drink all the water you can. it so helps. if you stall out on weight loss. eats a day of eggs, butter and cheese. works every time" 
"eggplant "bacon" has *everyone flipping out . via user 
"andy bought me a hot chocolate from dunkin donuts and it was so small that i actually started crying. thugcardrevoked again" 
"nhlbruins game starts in 30. need a suggestion for my beer or bourbon for the game. what say you?" 
"hey user , you owe me a new shirt! ha ha bierstick beer fail test nfl party beerbong . 
"user thats a fantastic pix. would be a great beer label pix. so many names could be used" 
"rt user user user wow you just turned logan into sizzling canadian bacon. shots fired. can someone also exp" 
"rt user when that kid who couldn't help with gas money walks into class with dunkin donuts . 
" is looking appealing right now...... . 
"pure deliciousness. - drinking a high fashion by user at user . photo" 
"we are pouring a lot of beer at new bedford oktoberfest on state pier. come on down, then stop over for a late snack with us!" 
"user ooh, i'll take a "scotch and" soda loophole! ;)" 
"holy feakin' amazingness! sweet yet not overwhelming, great vanilla and... (stone xocoveza) . photo" 
"the joy of stella g when she realizes that no kitties nor pizz... (kitty kitty pizza party) . photo" 
"no soda everyday it's time to quit for good as myself some reasons in my liver health problems for years. since 10/ . 
"rt user stephanie hicks was arrested after tossing hot nacho cheese at a 7-eleven clerk . . 
"rt user just witnessed a cubs fan berate his wife in front of his young sons in this beer line. dodgers in 5." 
"were pouring lots of beer at newbedford oktoberfest. join us on state pier, then stop by for dinner/dessert. . 
"the substance from user is a consistently stellar beer, worthy of all of the accolades it receives. . 
"me: if i stopped spending money on food, id be rich. also me: *gets 2 orders of cheesy bread with extra marinara delivered*" 
"rt user "the jets are the most dysfunctional team in new york" nygiants "hold my beer" . 
"rt user my face when i fry bacon in the morning for user and the pan's too hot flapanthers nhl bacon . 
"joey is a national treasure . 
"user also, any beer with chemical structures is an automatic win for a chemistry nerd like me." 
"rt user the truth has never been said better. wwe wwe2k18 myplayer bacon # . 
"rt user hike a mountain and celebrate your god. ullr be praised! ullr snow snowboarding bacon cypressmountain vanco " 
"do you wants some pizza ?!? pizza . 
"great burgers user with the fam tonight. good beer too - love seeing user ipa more often around e mass" 
"aw jeez it me fam . 
"rt user if the flyers score 4 goals tonight i will buy one beer for you if you rt this" 
"shit ima start baking cakes and selling them for 160 a pop, tf . 
"rt user pre-game selfies of user and our guest hosts user and user for user on monday 6:30 pm et " 
"because, baked pasta. homecooking nom leftovers cheese @ 44b home sweet home . 
"saturday night: hanging on the couch w/ my cat, drinking a beer &amp; playing family feud" 
"my godson loves the pizza italiano!!! user . 
"rt user humans: we release a lot of co2 earth: here hold my beer. . 
"i just wanna eat pizza and cuddle" 
"rt user how do you eat your pizza? rt for left fav for right . 
"dumbass . 
"oh, that's good. light and fruity. very sippable. not overly hoppy or bitt... (morning dew) . photo" 
"rt user if im cute and pizza is cute im a pizza cutie" 
"body by pizza and strawberry frosted donuts . 
"eat breakfast pizza, for breakfast, lunch or dinner. . 
"user user user user podesta emails were from before hrc even announced he can . 
"but then he took me to wendys and got my a jr. bacon cheeseburger and fries!! im all better now!" 
"user that looks so freaking good, and i know how much you like bread!" 
"user those were my god damm cheese balls" 
"why i relate 2 pigeons: dumb city boye wants to eat ur bread doesn't rly wanna b around ppl goofy and doesn't know what he's doing" 
"actually decent for coconut - drinking a hodad by user at user . 
"8 great martha stewart inspirational business quotes . startup entrepreneur motivate . 
"norefills1star what is it with restaurants that charge you for a soda refill?" 
"user not your beer i am assuming?" 
"bartender just knocked over a beer.... right into my jacket sleeve" 
"user young chicken bacon ciabatta" 
"monthly post-dsa meeting had one beer selfie hi . 
"rt user false. you were the man that had the jerky . 
"user user user boiiii are you dipping your pizza in ranch sauce???" 
"the elevator in my building smells like wendys cheese fries" 
"insanely easy weeknight dinners to try this week . via user 
"rt user never met a cheese i didn't like" 
"rt user diet sodas aspartame now associated with cardiovascular issues in addition to brain tumors.. asp" 
"user that's not shameful! it's smart to have everything set up before pizza. " 
"rt user good night and good luck. oitnf @ varsity pizza . 
"rt user my name is connor &amp; my favorite thing about being alive is eating mac and cheese. - the little boy at thefamily space at th" 
"i love making cookies " 
"this is the perfect casserole for a crowd . via user 
"holy shit, i just bought veggie bacon strips" 
"always a refreshing fall beer. especially since this place never has a... (pumpkinhead ale) . photo" 
"just ate weed cookies, next ..haunted houses!" 
"another unreal beer by trillium. wish it was closer. - drinking a vicinity by user - . 
"i found my secret talent @ panorama, holding a beer can between my tits" 
"creamy and light - drinking an overstable by user at user . 
"literally user and i . 
"ummmmm....yes. . 
"it is not really commiserating if you don't have beer." 
"we're getting hungry for the 5th annual user fest! sample the best cheese made in massachusetts on 11/4 . 
"user lmfao... no chocolate cake??!! nobody wants to "win" that" 
"at a bemani party cracked out on energy drinks and researching the viability of indoor soccer shoes for ddr" 
"rt user ketchup, mustard, and the darkness of a thousand emo souls . 
"rt user do you want to brew your own beer and help rosies place? donate for the chance to win an experience from user " 
"+see photos of reverend fathers drinking bottles of beer with catholic sisters (photos) . 
"user 03:06 ich will pizza :(" 
"user any plans to make a beer called breakfast? maybe a session ipa, a belgian-inspired table beer, or an oatmeal stout?" 
"i need vegan cider donuts" 
"best cookies ever . 
""my body is not made for exercise, it's made to eat cookies.." this quote definitely fits my attitude today user cakeboss" 
"think i hit the beer lottery today, 3 epic brews in a row! and this baby... (outermost ipa) . photo" 
"why the fuck do little kids prank call pizza hut alllllll day" 
"rt user picadera tropical master pizza 394 broadway lawrence delivery (978)208-7440 . 
"my latest beer review user thanks in part to user and user . . 
"rt user user because wocaffirmation is mocking a black woman who couldn't be bought off with donuts in your hellsite handle." 
"fuck heartbreak and social anxiety. im at a hockey game with 15k people and i just spend $90 on beer for my best friends." 
"mclovin - drinking a permutation series: number four by user at user . 
"user definitely better than the quick bread i baked last week, which was neither quick, nor bread" 
"user user user user charlestown ma has the oldest commissioned warship in the us navy. and a wfm with a cheese room." 
"are you itching to try 'cheese tea'? . 
"rt user great pumpkin. spiced nice similar to dogfish head. - drinking a post road pumpkin ale at user - . 
"user user dude i hope your pizza was so good. we got chinese food too because we're trash" 
"forgot to add review from long ago. dank &amp; juicy reminds me o... (nw dipa citra bbc simcoe) . photo" 
"this tweet was brought to you by jennifer laurence . 
"clean and refreshing if unspectacular. holding this one ne... (north trail india pale ale) . photo" 
"rt user awesome kitchen gadget - star trek enterprise pizza cutter: . -amazonafflink . 
"these pizza rolls gonna burn my tongue off!! snhu alumniweekend phipsi lastchapterpub" 
"twitter is weird and i don't know what to do with it beer" 
"i stuffed cheese in a boys mattress back in nyc and now i'll never know what happens when he finds it :(" 
"the beach pizza place in haverhill is low key better than tripolis" 
"2) ketchup is a mistake." 
"schaller's sneaky backhand bid only excitement so far. my beer tastes awesome though." 
"boxing and pizza" 
"your opponent: ambas manos. your words: beginning, cheese, concurrent. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, go! . 
"rt user it speaks volumes about where the country is right now that corona is the only beer company whose ads are even faintly/am" 
"user you know what else i don't get? fried chicken steak. so gross." 
"wise words. - drinking a citra ass down by user - . 
"watching family guy while justin makes me mac n cheese " 
"grilled cheese lmao still got ate tho . 
"user chocolate salmon caviar beer" 
"good hangs at user @ burial beer co. . 
"rt user join user at user for a little grown-up trick-or-treating fun! pair your fav beer with a specially " 
"shout out to user for providing us with a nice dessert beer, i mean this skyspace, dry hopped sour ale with . 
"road soda n britney spears???? get on our level bye" 
"ricotta cheese + pepper + salt + basil on spaghetti is surprisingly good" 
"rt user just noticed that autocorrect has been changing "cheers" to "cheese" on a bunch of my business emails" 
"i walked in the liquor store today and left with beer. i pussied out." 
"rt user grilled cheese lmao still got ate tho . 
"so just found out that my birthday is national fried chicken day- and that's great except i'm vegetarian " 
"if we could stop 'dog-on-dog', call a truce - just go try to stop accelerating rise atmospheric co2 that's releasin . 
"rt user when you discover left over bacon from yesterday's breakfast bacon (.. and you realise 'bacon dance' is a gif op " 
"rt user my wife ate a waffle chicken and bacon sandwich for dinner and drank a pumpkin beer with it. that's why we are c " 
"rt user sundaymorning bacon go to church you sinful bastards . 
"imagine if treehouse brewed stouts like they brew ipa's?... (double shot - kenya karimikui) . photo" 
"user user read this quick (and very wrong) and thought 'dunkin donuts should have a say in who . 
"user dude i'd pick honest mustard over blue cheese honestly,anything besides gross moldy cheese" 
"working on some beer buying unit tests . 
"war videos and beer" 
"very good for a peanut butter beer, doesnt taste too artificial... (gunner's daughter) . 
"user lmfao yo theyre asking for too much, no bacon? no chicken? naaaaaaaaah" 
"ghostadventures - have you guys ever considered leaving trails of bread crumbs so you can find your way back out?? " 
"stony creek brewery releases of ripe n cranky orange, the first of its juiced india pale ale (ipa) series. . 
"user pizza with white sauce needs to happen somehow." 
"rt user hurls my entire body at u happy birthday user my favourite dumpling i hope ur days ahead will be full of sun " 
"prefer the darker ones, but still good - drinking a weihenstephaner festbier at user - . 
"user trump is too busy jetting around to trump properties, golfing, and eating chocolate cake" 
"rt user some final design changes to my pizza bat oc! . 
"im all set, i'm gone focus on my bread " 
"mellow brew, little thicker and sweeter than most pales, thanks to t... (white shark wheat) . photo" 
"haven't had fast food in so long but i'm craving mcdonald's french fries sos" 
"user burn the place to the ground. make a pizza over the coals" 
"user user user scored extra cheese cake?!?!!" 
"whiskey to beer or whiskey to tequila? " 
"rt user isnt it crazy when the pizza guy gets to your house before the police does" 
"if user doesnt try elmton pizza in struthers then the youngstown trip is an absolute sham. most unique . 
"user never heard that one before. have had numerous discussions of "soda" vs "pop" vs "coke" to denote . 
"rt user 0 stars domino's is crazy because if you close your eyes and eat the pizza in the box you won't know which is which. h" 
"extraordinary beer. - drinking a works of love: earl grey tea at user - . 
"user wedgewood got exactly the score it deserved. very good pizza, not great, but love the family owned . 
"cheese" 
"i'll pick you up in the morning with spooky donuts and coffee." 
"11) battered french fries are generally wrong. seasoned battered french fries doubly so." 
"halloween2017 need to advertise bitcoin,history about pizza, it's cool, and about souvlaki ordered on the iss!! . 
"is there anyone worse than the beer snobs bragging about their accomplishments? yup, you drove to tree house. you got dinner tix. yay" 
"bout to get some . 
"rt user i want insomnia cookies :(" 
"rt user why were victorians putting corpse dolls in birthday cakes? . . 
"are you still eating bacon? genevieve is going to be angry!! user 
"i think i'm gonna go downstairs and steal an entire pizza from my family" 
"entertain w the ideal dessert dancingdeer cookies brownies that taste homemade and are preservativefree yum . 
"rt user marry you a guy who gets up and makes you breakfast in bed; bacon, egg, and vanilla cinnamon french toast. i love user 
"user i'm not sure... does zero degrees of separation mean you are kevin bacon?" 
"those awkward moments when you go to take a sip of a soda and completely miss your mouth and spill it all over... . 
"pretty sweet, relatively smooth. nice stuff. - drinking a crescendo by user @ rp's beer bar . photo" 
"rt user our daily bread 15 october 2017 devotional creation care: topic: creation care sunday . 
"for 6 years ive been wanting to make these little apple pie cookies from user and i finally had the rig . 
"picking up some pine notes on this one. - drinking an invisible creatures by user - . photo" 
"rt user weird how macho sports dudes want girls who drink beer and burp and like football and wear jerseys but are terrified of appea" 
"user u mean nasty like oatmeal cookies" 
"user okay bring me one too pls w cheese" 
"rt user an account dedicated to celebrating the history of women creating beer. this is why i love twitter. where else is s " 
""excuse, user ? i believe i ordered the "large" beer?" . 
"she loves her pizza don't touch!!! . 
"rt user i mean i fucking love pizza but if pizza violently killed 30,000 people a year i'd be like okay maybe none of us should" 
"lets go bruins! - drinking a lunch by user @ 01907 . 
"missed second goal while getting a beer. so basically i'm going to go get beer every 5 mins or so from here on out. nhlbruins" 
"great to see our own ed buccigross in this picture. . 
"3-1! chara! beer me! nhlbruins" 
"rt user think user &amp; think pink! plus see how to win free pizza for a year &amp; all things lovehopepizza here ==&gt; " 
"user i would push one of my children down a flight of stairs for an undercooked slice and an off brand can of diet soda." 
"rt user u ever at panera and ur eating an end piece of bread w both hands &amp; u suddenly feel like a small orphan child in victoria" 
"rt user i will always tweet about my son...mso delete me now if you don't like it. he's should be here drinking a beer with me" 
"there's something about ordering your bff's beer when it's ot in the woo ... (orans) . photo" 
"user lucky's in florida: draft beer or wine while u shop, awesome hot bar, board games to sit &amp; play. tj's on crack" 
"bacon and eggs...a day's work for the chicken; a lifetime commitment for the pig. thinkaboutit" 
"whiskey, beer, bourbon or quite possibly medical tumbledbytime whiskey beer medicinal spirits . 
"delete this. . 
"rt user user to all of the "peaceful" goat bangers: paul joseph watson will not be alone. pack a lunch pussy's we " 
"rt user get a loyal girl, stay down, stack ya bread up, take vacations, eat good, fuck good..travel &amp; live happily ever after." 
"never ceases to amaze how new englanders think pizza should be burnt. can see some char but jeez people like their pies straight-out black" 
"the boathouse has the best bread ive eaten on disney property dont @ me" 
"just when the hunger strikes again... i remember my mother in law ordered pizza. " 
"ihatetoadmititbut i don't like bacon." 
"love me sours - drinking a silly sour by user at user . photo" 
"if you want me to love you forever...buy me this everyday . 
"rt user christmas coasters, sausage dog gift - folksy . newonfolksy dachshund craftbuzz folksy365" 
"user but your the one who will be buying all those hash browns for me " 
"100% of the energy drinks ive consumed this semester have not been for schoolwork but so that i stay awake during a movie" 
"sausage and chicken in new york's tines square. . 
"happy birthday, mugsy! - drinking a birthday bomb! (2016) by user @ auburn, ma . photo" 
"user young beer... fitting" 
"and you can't have cans of beer on campus, you have to put it in a cup" 
"user one day one day i knwo ur gonna be able to im gonna get the good stuff with chives and bacon and sour cream too" 
"user what kind of pizza was it?" 
"i saw a tweet somewhere that the dunkin donuts in the coyotes arena ran out of coffee..... that is blasphemy nhlbruins bruins" 
"rt user great event put on by the fire department this morning! pancake breakfast and road race a big success. love that s " 
"rt user late morning breakfast with dave at the lyndhurst diner. breakfast bacon eggs saturdaymotivation foodie " 
"rt user bacon and beer tasting at work! we had metropolitan copper lager and honestly i prefer ipa . 
"user dick cheese" 
"this is my shiiiiiiit! extra mood rn! . 
"appreciated the subdued caramel, a bit more carbonation than expe... (brooklyn oktoberfest) . photo" 
"user i put cream cheese on it. for 20 seconds i felt truly a l i v e" 
"time to add a stunning and delicious app to your cheese board! try rosemary berry baked brie: . 
"yall wanna know what it is?????? its a pizza but it aint got no pizza sauce it got mashed potatoes with cheddar cheese and bacon" 
"user the actor playing him is jaw-dropping. i had to pause and walk around after their conversation over pizza." 
"updated british beer company plymouth w/ user user . 
"happy to support this great cause. - drinking a save the robots by user - . 
"rt user for halloween should i be girl in sweats ordering chinese food or girl in pajamas ordering pizza" 
"rt user ill give you the whole pizza for your love and affection. " 
"rt user [security patting down mouse] "any cheese on your person, sir?" [waves another mouse over them like a metal detector wand] "" 
"user user user then it would be you and 2 rats, careful trump will steal the cheese" 
"strong on flavor, huge coffee notes with chocolate accents, but in a thin ea... (stony joe) . photo" 
"honestly, i love goat cheese more than i love most people." 
"pizza and wine" 
"is 11 too late to order a pizza bc i havent gone to bed yet and i want some sauce" 
"rt user looks like the bottom of my mums parrots cage . 
"this one is special. - drinking a florens by user - . photo" 
"pic: filtered beer: not haze user . 
"ummm yeah - drinking a maximator by augustiner-bru mnchen - . photo" 
"tomorrow = super cluckin' sunday! fried chicken+hand pies galore! click here for details . . 
"still getting hella cheese!!!" 
"yo bro - i thought we were sticking with the our system got hacked story? . 
"u guys tryna come to my sweet 16? well be eating pizza on the floor with drinks maybe" 
"user white bread bland" 
"i have no desire to make cheese on my own, but here i am, bingeestching a man make cheese on youtube. life." 
"rt user enter here for your chance to win 1 of 5 weekly $100 gift cards from frigo cheese. no purchase necessary. see rules https:/" 
"rt user i have pizza and wine and i feel pretty good . 
"oh shit that's my baby . 
"rt user keenes the best because people would rather spend their last dollar in quarters on a vodka soda than a box of spaghetti" 
"forgot this was the only one i didn't like and ends maine beer ad... (pine tree agronomics) . photo" 
"rt user if there are breadsticks does that mean there are bread trees? bread forests?" 
"my pizza delivery person is named wander. i wonder if they're delivering by horse. shadowofthecolossus meets . 
"rt user sleeping under a giant piece of bacon will definitely make you fat. . 
"it's all well and good from your precious perch to...wait. did you say bacon? . 
"master pizza tropical 394 broadway lawrence (978)208-7440 friday open till 3am saturday open . 
"everyone has a favouritecake, pastry, pudding or pie from when they were kids." 
"also i gave vegan chili dogs, fries and beer" 
"chocolate lava cake sounds delicious" 
"user catch rule: dumbest most confusing rule in sports. user obstruction rule: hold my beer. nlcs" 
"rt user "hello welcome to dunkin' donuts, i'm your hostess byeongkwan, we ran out of menus but you can look at my suit inst " 
"dont wanna bloody spill your beer chugalug . 
"dust off that slow cooker! cook up this bacon, ham, split pea soup: . recipe foodie food . 
"i love beer burps like it just feels so good" 
"got ricky weed cookies for his birthday &amp; then we did a haunted corn maze. now were going to wendys, taco bell, bk, &amp; mcdonalds. " 
"i just want a mcflurry &amp; some french fries" 
"i have so much homework i need to get done but yet i am chilling drinking n eating pizza " 
"rt user i just want a mcflurry &amp; some french fries" 
"drinkin a brew..just remembered i had my first beer when i was 7 for gettin a good report card i hated beer after that" 
"user i'm stoked. i need to call my nephew and get my cookies ordered !!!!" 
"user user beer on whiskey, very risky whiskey on beer, never fear. galileo" 
"nobody shops at whole foods 8 dollar cookies like wtf hell no" 
"someone just tried to feed me pizza with bacon hidden under the cheese and i'm so fucking disgusted" 
"rt user why does this raw "pizza" taste just like reg pizza?! i'm in love . 
"user holy sheet cakes" 
"rt user here is a much more better quality photo of the vegan mac and cheese . 
"user i favorited this very excitedly thinking pizza with carli yay but then reality struck." 
"rt user brunch : air fried bacon egg cups served on a bed of salad greens baconeggcups bacon eggs . 
"user wooooooooo where the pizza at!!! " 
"rt user bacon! loving the amish markets here in pennsylvania traveltribe bacon travelfoodie . 
"rt user gallery killinlgy beats bacon academy 35-0 in football . user user " 
"my stomach says we worship french fries . 
"sports is better with a heel. anyone who disagrees with that is probably boring and drinks cheap beer." 
"momma gonna be mad, i think i can eat all the cookies she bought yesterday." 
"everybody getting high and eating cheese . 
"rt user hollywoods favorite industry hoe, forever getting tossed around. drake a hot potato hoe! . 
"currently on my bedside table: fake nails, salonpas, beer, charlie card, easter egg filled with embroidery thread, tennis ball, scissors" 
"this was the best slice of pizza ive ever had" 
"my favorite thing about going to parties is dropping my empty beer cans everywhere since everybody did that to my house last year" 
"me waiting for my pizza rolls to heat up . 
"me: i wish i had cheese curds rn" 
"what . 
"do you like root beer?" 
"rt user i couldve gone my whole life without seeing this . 
"this is really good - but what will they name it when quadruple ipas becom... (be hoppiest) . photo" 
"$5 to anyone who think they can beat me in shotgunning a beer" 
"rt user "beer in her hand, shoulders open, hair down...its party time!" user 
"user very seldom do i drink beer." 
"me: gagging "why would you do that? you know i don't like bacon" person: laughing "you're comedy gold, everyone likes bacon, stop lying"" 
"i could be waiting in line for shorty pizza instead" 
"so we made it for an hour up front but feet/back were screaming to sit. after sitting/advil/beer went to back of floor until beg of encore." 
"rt user we came, we cheered, we ate donuts! thanks everyone who came to the fun run today! user . 
"rt user a friend: your macaroni n cheese is a little- me: did you just call me a bitch? i think i heard you call me a bitch." 
"user thats just airport beer." 
"user now i want pizza" 
"user soda taxes and the like are pretty unpopular among leftists too" 
"user how is that bugs its fries and gravy and cheese aka the holy trinity" 
"popular item of the day - onion rings" 
"special 1: large 1-topping pizza, 12 wings and 2-liter pepsi for $19.99" 
"rt user well i like bacon so that piggy getting ate . 
"my brother made us leave a bar bc he wanted street meat and we couldn't find any so he bought a plate of sliced pepperoni from a pizza truck" 
"rt user a smile. cheese . 
"rt user $5 to anyone who think they can beat me in shotgunning a beer" 
"did this man throw a cat at a pancake....? . 
"pretty sure those are donuts right user ?? . 
"baked pumpkin spice donuts recipe . via user 
"pizza over privacy? a paradox of the digital age | stanford graduate school of business . 
"rt user trump: you can't think of something more stupid than calling half of america 'deplorable'. nfl: hold my beer." 
"rene you cant shotgun a beer at a bar user 
"national grilled cheese day and french onion soup grilled cheese . 
"rt user you dont know the struggle til you put shredded cheese on a sandwich" 
"mcdonalds could eitger give you god-like french fries, or those shitfries that they re-drop/salt back in the fryer." 
"if you don't think you can get drunk off of root beer alone you have not tried hard enough" 
"alfred is 0-4 in beer pong. he had no idea how to come back. lmao! . 
"let me go buy some pizza rolls then start on this essay . 
"user exactly what i said, ian. if you don't think you can get drunk off of root beer, you aren't working for it" 
"user you got some cheese on your fingers" 
"user i grew up deep in soda territory, but knew a few tonic outliers." 
"im going to go to the pizza shop to tip him tomorrow!!!! im so ashamed. i promise im not a bad person!!" 
"cheese in the trap this week is too short" 
"rt user lucio pancake art! who would eat his face? user user dancakes pancakeart overwatch lucio https:/" 
"rt user repeat : pineapples do not go on pizza ! pineapples do not go on pizza ! pineapples do not go on pizza ! pineapples d" 
"rt user unpopular opinion but pizza hut is 100% better than dominos " 
"rt user user drink beer and get ready for the game tomorrow! " 
"rt user mgtow music - simpinsunday - . don't buy that love crap - what about bacon ;)" 
"rt user i love lava cakes" 
"user plz give me pizza" 
"user user get me a beer will ya?!" 
"user user user the amount of pizza we ate last year while wasted" 
"user cheese tastes like ass nigga" 
"rt user the wmuhomecoming hcob pancake breakfast and stampede tailgate have been canceled. we'll post other updates as the " 
"rt user igotsocaughtup trying to please everybody, but unfortunately i'm not bacon" 
"user what about me? my breakfast was diet mtn dew and string cheese :d" 
"shoutout to tyla for babysitting me last night and ashley for bringing me to fratelliss for pizza! i woke up feeling great " 
"rt user bacon &amp; cheese fries. . 
"rt user i miss the funnel cakes at lunch they were the shit" 
"rt user i need the best youngstown pizza joints for me to hit?" 
"my have fed my wheatie a small amount of cider donut this morning . 
"(2015) let it warm a little and the ca... (neapolitan milk stout (oppermann's barrel aged)) . photo" 
"user user all those shots of pizza had no effect on you? lol" 
"homemade cookies are in the oven. mmm" 
"user wait your in detroit?? let's grab a beer!!! tuesgays" 
"(video) the best oven fried chicken -- kfc copycat! . 
"at qdoba: "no rice. double meat. lots of cheese and sour cream." ketolyfe" 
"rt user beer babe yehh beeroclock . 
"user hope you spent at least a few hours doing donuts in a random parking lot last night." 
"dinner at user last night for the first time. great food, great beer! northernmichigan!" 
"rt user i bake cakes. get at me." 
"rt user after today i need a beer, four thirty packs and a fifth of whisky. and fuck it 19 mcdoubles" 
"me: i think ive finally hit rock bottom so it can only go up from here life: lol hold my beer" 
"time for beer!" 
"new! chocolate pumpkin cake made in partnership with user ! sponsored adpic.twitter.com/7bqivdevhr . 
"spatz bread is one of the perks of living in michigan." 
"rt user lit city . 
"rt user when mom wants to see your hands because she knows you ate all the cheese puffs. . 
"rt user begin the countdown! thirdthursmia: artoberfest is exactly one week away on 10/19! art beer " 
"rt user i wanna carve some pumpkins and drink apple cider and make halloween cookies " 
"user i'm remembering the one time i went to a miami @ pitt game and was surprised that i couldn't buy beer at heinz field." 
"hey detroit! win a $25 buddy's pizza gift card, from user - 2 winners! . . 
"what if i told you i was only 1/2 a beer deep when this happened. stillhaventkilledanythingwithliquid . 
"rt user i want some macaroni and cheese " 
"$25 buddy's pizza gift card - 2 winners! . 
"drinking a canal street porter by user @ city built brewing company . 
"rt user protip: its not beer before liquor or liquor before beer, its all the mixer in your liquor that makes you sicker." 
"user bring back the peanut butter cup pancake breakfast pls" 
"beer first, food second. here's where to find both in traverse city. (photo: user . . 
"rt user ive been going on a no fast food, no dairy, no processed, no soda, and just an all around healthy diet to clear up my face" 
"rt user i should order pizza, or chinese. i just want to vibe, sip, and write all day." 
"user told you yesterday after the show. i've already got my chips and soda. i'm ready! hurry up!" 
"it's different from the beer i'm use to and i like it. - drinking a humblebee @ greyline brewing company - . photo" 
""where'd you get this generic bacon? is this the pig's name?" shitmysistersays" 
"rt user blog | a night of cigars and german beer - user oktoberfest takes over new york's nat sherman townhouse: " 
"yall still eat string cheese " 
"you would think the possibility of a 3rd burns to my tongue &amp; throat would be enough to keep me from shoving hot pizza in my mouth. wrong" 
"i made pizza rolls." 
"i cooked breakfast.. bacon , cheesy eggs , toast , and oatmeal." 
"rt user ima be 50 still ordering chicken tenders and fries " 
"all my cookies are gone" 
"user i get the vegetarian one which is loaded with veggies then i add bacon to it bc i like meat and i get my eg . 
"user the walking bread" 
"think the same . 
"user we have the oven brick fired pizza today and the grim feeder brunch tomorrow " 
"plus i'm still getting cheese from my blow spot. idgaf what i'm doing, bet you can come shop." 
"getting lunch before today's western game. - drinking a hollow head by user at user . 
"don't you dare put the words "vegan" and "bacon" in the same sentence ever again. who do i need to fight about this? . 
"i'm always in the mood for blt pizza" 
"somebody loves macaroni and cheese...oh, and selfies. macaroniandcheese wannatakeaselfie . 
"user yes, my 11 year old is restricted to beer. lol" 
"rt user your wcw dances in the kitchen at 2:30 am while eating pizza... its me im your wcw" 
"rt user bands beer fire user bonfire tonight heritage park taylor free the event starts at 4pm fun for whole family . 
"kroger ad preview: october 18-24 $0.59 big k soda 2 liters, $0.68 progresso soup, $0.88/lb red or black seedless... . 
"donuts! @ robinette's apple haus &amp; winery . 
"little ceasers crazy bread&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;" 
"rainy days means pizza!" 
"i really want user pizza but i'm lacking in the money department " 
"cheese danishes from au bon pain give me a will to live" 
"rt user nola bound later today! these are exciting times for a introverted hermit. buy me a few drinks? some 5hr energy? so " 
"gonna start this day with some wet ass pizza and finish the night with some french vanilla ciroc" 
"rt user somehow, subway has convinced us that eating an entire loaf of bread in one sitting is healthy." 
"rt user i want to try mac and cheese so much, it looks so fucking tasty . 
"user user that's fair but we don't consider arcades gambling or chuck e cheese, dave and buster etc" 
"okay but deep dish pizza is the best pizza, dont @ me" 
"your wcw cooks bacon in the microwave" 
"rt user guy throwing beer cans at no one in particular, 500 block north scott." 
"i am cryyyyyying!!!!!! . 
"i fucking love the detroit rave scene!! ride that pizza user user . 
"today pumpkin penne friday was spaghetti meatballs and sausage and hump day pasta e fagioli. . 
"ssimh "cheeseburger, milkshake, cola, french fries..." fugueforfastfood" 
"hold my beer . 
"the leftist beer hall plot was foiled. . 
"rt user lauryn and i had three different kinds of cookies, two different drinks, way too many chips, and garlic bread at our m" 
"rt user honestly jacks pizza will just always have my heart" 
"who else is "bacon"? beamersmoke smoking smoke rollingpapers bong bowl pun funny . 
"coors beer vip tailgate party featuring sabor havana cigars. it happens just like that !" 
"rt user made pizza tonight! let's see how it tastes . 
"rt user comfort food shouldn't be complicated - try tilly's sausage spaghetti recipe with the little ones this weekend: " 
"its all about the u ! coors beer vip tailgate party featuring sabor havana cigars. it happens just like that ! ... . 
"rt user shamrock pancake breakfast is happening today! come to tennant hall anytime between 10 and 3. see ya there . 
"where da boosters trynna make some cheese" 
"washtenaw dairy is holding a blooddrive october 21st at bethlehem church! donate&amp;enjoy some donuts . see the face . 
"user young pizza " 
"rt user just hanging. send me those cakes . 
"rt user user user hey there sheryl my daughter is a girl scout and we will get cookies to y'all." 
"the 3 keys to happiness in life are god, pizza, and nerdy catholic girls with glasses." 
"user i actually worship pizza... to be fair... pizza is life" 
"user umm... i want your breakfast. you can keep the sausage. i will take the rest of it. " 
"it's lunch time, it's vito's pizza time! order now! . . 
"proper way to make a double cheese burger: bun, patty, cheese, ketchup, mustard, patty, cheese, other condiments, bun" 
"i remember when i was in high school in i use to shoot in come up hella cheese right before the weekend best feeling " 
"this dude i work with loveeeeeeee happy s pizza nigga been talkin about this shit for like 45 min " 
"ecstatic to be back to say the least - drinking a broo doo by user at user . 
"rt user corbyn ; subway -gives out free cookies to kids -learned how to do tricks with the dressing bottles -everyone's " 
"if you not talking cash guap cheese or bandz then i cant hear you" 
"french toast is bread soaked in egg. gross . 
"i need bacon." 
"shallow - drinking a creative tension by user at user . 
"rt user slovenian baker makes artwork on loaves of bread . 
"user gets it.... . 
"skillet meaty shells and cheese - rants from my crazy kitchen . 
"that man hit his son with the attitude adjustment . 
"rt user tjis is the greatest thing since sliced bread . 
"rt user beer first, food second. here's where to find both in traverse city. (photo: user . http" 
"rt user introducing the chorizo burger with chorizo, 2 beef patties, 2 slices of monterey jack cheese, fire roasted veggies " 
"user we've got the perfect backdrops for selfies and group photos! say cheese! happy race weekend! freepmarathon" 
"it's a grilled cheese kind of day." 
"rt user grab a beer and join me on the couch. it's college football time. . 
"rt user president ross gives the bones donuts for bonecoming but campus police tells them to stop playing..... anyone else see" 
"sit back and relax, pop a beer. watch user and let them do your thinking for you! so easy to stay in the fox ne . 
"user user say cheese! happy race weekend! freepmarathon" 
"just spent the last 6 hours learning to draw... xd i'm so tired. my hand is so tired. i need pizza. lol." 
"rt user none of the items on the mcdonald's menu could be certified as vegetarian even their french fries, which use a natur" 
"correct me if wrong, based theory of survival of fittest, beer only kills weakest brain cells. beer makes you smart!" 
"the pizzas being served in bursley today (10/14) are: pepperoni pizza cheese pizza roasted vegetable pizza" 
"check out our latest podcast on our streaming station! . beer weed sports politics news movies humor detroit" 
"nothing like getting home to open your pizza box to the wrong pie user what kind of monster eats banana p . 
"new post: better on draft 104 halloween and beer | better on draft | . 
"better on draft episode 104- halloween and beer . 
"rt user ty isaac seems to be michigan's best rb when he's healthy and not holding the ball like a loaf of bread." 
"great news - lager of the lakes is the one beer i'd have for the rest of my life if i could only have one beer for . 
"strolling dinner. craft beer, michigan wine and local hard cider tastings, dessert!! youll get to interact... . 
"if i were to eat or even smell a pancake right now i might throw up" 
"rt user i don't buy or eat papa johns grease pizza, you might as well i eject some lard into your veins, cardiac pizza. . 
"my life has really improved since i started putting cottage cheese in my scrambled eggs" 
"rt user this looks like stan twitter . 
"i hope my swiss cheese offensive line tweet plays out as reverse psychology and we keep playing well." 
"im in professional school &amp; still pizza lunchables on regular. adult " 
"i'm such a fat ass when i'm depressed. i went to ann arbor last night just to order a shit ton of insomnia cookies " 
"i want monkey bread " 
"provisions, a specialty chocolate and cheese shop, coming to ferndale . metrodetroit . 
"rt user the real question. what kind of pizza should i order at halftime!? debating between restaurants right now." 
"user user ... only put undo burden on pet store owners. and enrich people that bread at there home and tre . 
"it may be raining but we're staying dry with our tent at oakland for today's soccer game. free buddies pizza on top . 
"thank you! and youre welcome . 
"user ill tell you what, if you lived downriver you have to give sportsman pizza a try" 
"on a rainy day like today all i want is the cheese tortilla soup from user 
"beer and food pairings go! @ clouds brewing . 
"rt user pumpkin pie cream cheese keto pancakes . lowcarb keto weightloss . 
"user user user he won't last. prison after mueller investigation. death by heart attack . 
"ad say yes to nationalcheesecurd day with free cheese curds from user ez entry . . 
"so far today i spilled burning hot pizza sauce on my naked boobs and im currently suffering from second degree burns" 
"rt user what beer would your ideal mate drink? beerlove i married my best friend 18 years ago. thankfully my bff was a chick and" 
"perfect weather for a homemade chicken pot pie" 
"rt user cheers again my mates! teamemmmmsie teamsupstreamers supportsmallstreamers youtube youtuber fav gaming " 
"user it's like the first time you taste bun and cheese." 
"user makes me miss mcdonaldland cookies" 
"how to make cannabis-infused grilled cheese | herb video recipes . via user 
"rain days call for these prewashedpumpkins hotcider donuts . 
"different in a good way! - drinking a people under the stairs by user @ petoskey brewing . 
"from our kitchen to your office. tired of only having pizza as a carryout? try something new --&gt; . 
"user hahaha yes dude we have the eclair cakes on special right now... treat yo self." 
"rt user user hi! today in amstelveen - the netherlands, you know weed, cheese and mills country . 
"rt user hello, i am a bear. where can you get bread? i am asking for another creature. (i am sorry for the deceit. i am the one" 
"i want some cookies" 
"weekend trip to kzoo for my birthday! stop 1, watching the michigan game... (love shadow) . photo" 
"rt user i just pre ordered mario odyssey! oh and i'm going live after this bowl of mac and cheese " 
" yas! great pizza choice . 
"rt user nothing better than a beer and catch up on life with user after surviving shooting pictures in the rain for t" 
"user fuck you mac and cheese" 
"who can take me to get some beer. ill buy you some" 
"user harbaugh: "hold my beer"" 
"dude just came up to the bar and said, beer. felt like i was in a movie. the bartender looked as surprised as i was." 
"*opens second beer* good lord....." 
"saturday recipe: easy, low-fat veggie pizza via . - whether you are looking for a ... . 
"rt user *opens second beer* good lord....." 
"a gift bag of cookies for an early birthday present is very tempting ...and i do not handle temptation well !,,,,yum" 
"indiana : i bet you can't get 3 penalties in one play michigan : hold my beer" 
"drooling over this triple chocolate irish cream loaf cake - garnish with lemon . . 
"user one whiskey one scotch one beer. cheers!" 
"user i know you're not responsible for everyone on this website, but he is getting an avalanche of blame fo . 
"need pizza and beer." 
"rt user say cheese inktober thebatpack . 
"founders 20th anniversary party! - drinking a tank bender by user at user . photo" 
"who ever decided that hot dogs and mac and cheese was a good combo is a fraud. hot dogs ruined my entire lunch" 
"an excellent neipa, nice n juicy and so hazy. they did this one rig... (cosmic apparition) . photo" 
"energy drinks leave new father with hole in his skull, fighting for his life during son's birth . via user 
"this rain makes me want to sit on my couch in my underwear while eating an endless bucket of fried chicken; while napping occasionally. halp" 
"the latest sommbeer ! . sommbeer beer" 
"47verily, verily, i say unto you, he that believeth hath eternal life. 48i am the bread of life. john 6:47-48" 
"user like non-alcoholic beer." 
"rt user me: im never setting foot on ous campus again. ou: *gets beer tent for homecoming* me: . 
"better than the first/last time i had it. increased rating from 3.... (barrel aged loch-up) . 
"rt user this chipotle i'm at sells beer " 
"pick a beer, any beer! all beers are $1 off each in the restaurant today....starting now! come on down! " 
"mood since 8am - either i'm greedy or committed lolol i don't keep bread in my place. or . 
"user trying to order? learn how to enable tweet ordering in your pizza profile: . [13:51:42 edt]" 
"pita bread and garlic sauce the breakfast of champions" 
"rt user hollywood and the dnc have been intertwined since 2008. from podesta pizza to weinstein showers. the altleft are a " 
"user user user candy cane joe-joes make for some excellent santa cookies when traveling and were unable to do homemade. :)" 
"never a big fan of ocktoberfests - drinking an oktoberfest by user at user . 
"user just 1 beer?" 
"user that's boneless pizza" 
"rt user i need some pizza and halloween movies in my life" 
"rt user yeah, yeah, mozart wrote his first symphony at twelve and i'm an old washed-up nothing. but could mozart do this? *microwave" 
"user oh sound good but bread basket better " 
"user user if you live near dearborn, pizza kitchen is decent quality for good price, free delivery . 
"sweet - drinking a westfield american wheat by user @ crooked ewe brewery and ale house . 
"rt user dad loves his dadjokes book and like his pizza, the cheesier the better! . user https:/" 
"rt user try something different this sat. &amp; sun - enjoy free fresh coffee &amp; donuts, great music, compassionate people,... . 
"user good move. on beer 3 now. anesthesia of some kind seems to make this easier." 
"my mom just came over with warm homemade cookies" 
"rt user opened the fridge and i trembled with fear my buddies are coming and i'm all out of beer mytroublesthatrhyme" 
"best way to enjoy college football is with some jets pizza memphisdelivers" 
"rt user he that hath a bountiful eye shall be blessed; for he giveth of his bread to the poor. -proverbs 22:9 (kjv)" 
"user so good and yes. a frosted mug of beer would complete that." 
"come on out and grab a pizza to go with your pumpkin - bring the kids and get your picture with . 
"rt user just tryna bake some cookies with the loml" 
"rt user some pizza delivery action from yesterdays web olympics . 
"rt user i want some milk n cookies . 
"beer brewing? kinda strenuous." 
"it 2pm and i just woke up and ate bacon off the floor what y'all up to" 
"young pizza. i'm ok with this. . 
"no that's actually me (ps catfish pizza penutbutter jelly and pant singing love on the brain are playing rn)" 
"rt user my cousin from england just sent me a snapchat of him and his friends playing beer pong with coffee mugs and tea cups...t" 
"user wait when u looked like u had a bowl of mac and cheese on ur head" 
"i need a dozen donuts, hot chocolate, and a nap asap pls" 
"what ever sick freaks are saying fork right now... please seek help . 
"just got back with a case of beer. what'd i miss? goblue!!!" 
"fact: i dont like okra, chocolate ice cream, ginger beer, coleslaw and potato salad" 
"onion * . 
" enjoy your bacon. . 
"shout out to all of our clients pouring craftbeer user wish we could be there - cheers! beer cybeerfest festival" 
"i thought this was fried chicken. . 
"i just earned the 'hopped up (level 67)' badge on user . 
"wisconsin shelfturds. golden find in a hole in the wall store. - drinking a hopsmack! double ipa - . 
"drinking an iv by user at user . 
"7-eleven's cookies and cream puff: a solid improvement to the sweet staple | the japan times . 
"user smoky jack turkey, chicken tortilla soup, and kids mac n cheese. thx for a fun family night" 
"rt user the most evil thing somebody can do to you is give you cold french fries " 
"pizza now targeted because ur all a bunch of fat lazy online pizza ordering fools. never put ur cc in a pizza site, . 
"tcf bank stadium is the only stadium in the big ten that serves beer. god bless " 
"this is how me and klausen kick it.... cookies, kool-aid, and queen. terribletwos teething . 
"rt user teenage parents record themselves forcing daughter to drink beer and smoke marijuana . 
"rt user i wrestled rey mysterio jr last night in a 2,500 seat arena &amp; today i wrestled at a beer festival on a horse racetrack." 
"user if you order coffee or beer and it takes more than two words - we can't be friends." 
"user the philly spring rolls and the mac and cheese w/ p belly are the . user 
"who wanna make cookies with me" 
"i need to lose weight but damn i love beer thestruggle" 
"rt user pizza an 2k type of night..." 
"anyone got a beer i could borrow" 
"rt user both and wine . 
"hey user , cyber violence confirmed . 
"shit disgusting rt user ayo user do your thing . 
"you eat blue cheese, you eat ass after a good shit" 
"yo fam, how you want your bread . 
"rt user call me mud mouth . 
"should i order pizza to the bar?" 
"user that's not how pizza works" 
"chill . 
"i hate that i tried em, but mcdonalds new chicken tenders good af... but mine were fresh... idk how they are not quite fresh" 
"user try a blueberry bagel w strawberry cream cheese " 
"pizza &amp; wings or... just pizza?! thats the question" 
"no, fairholme, i'm afraid i don't know why people refer to your penis as the cheese wheel! care to enlighten me?" 
"got to use bfs points from his credit card for a coupon...we got a large pizza, split toppings and cheese sticks for 5 dollars. " 
"rt user toasted macadamia coconut cookies - self proclaimed foodie . user tastewant foodie . 
"user weird i just bought pumpkin spice cookies " 
"he hates the bread so much he would choose the coleslaw over it. i like the coleslaw too but its definitely not better than the bread..." 
"rt user glad you got out of there queen. you deserve better. . 
"rt user louisville lost. clemson lost. florida lost. fsu won. pretty solid cfb weekend. need a vikings w tomorrow against the c" 
"rt user mmmmmm.....chocolate covered strawberry cake! find this amazing homemade recipe here: . cake " 
"rt user when you need to conquer narnia with mr. tumnus but beer pong put a hold on things . 
"user ...yeah a whole box of cheez-it, a 96 oz coke, a carton of popcorn &amp; xl pepperoni pizza &amp; a cardioligist" 
"i need new beer to try. any suggestions ?" 
"this is so cute calico cookies . 
"he did good yall, he only forgot cheese and my roommate let me borrow some in exchange for a margarita " 
"conecuh sausage to go with my roasted turkey &amp; rice dinner tomorrow. . 
"rt user this dish was made for late-night cheese lovers. . 
"user she would rather be in the seven hells than here. a satisfied sigh escaped the queens lips as she sl . 
"getting up from the table, tripped over my laptop charger, laptop fell, i fell, spilled my m&amp;ms and beer. :-)" 
"my first time making gluten free banana bread. i'm excited to get a review from my taste tester. glutenfree . 
"remember boys, always open her beer first " 
"rt user like if awake retweet if you want a slice of pizza, we got a lot lol . 
"rt user kneeling during the anthem to protest injustice: disrespecting the flag. wearing a flag speedo while being doused " 
"user mf ate my pizza and left me one slice &amp; took my charger like im still not about to leave . i was off am he ago" 
"user chocolate cake" 
"user user begonia brownie. btw, gardenia cookies would be delicious. i'm thinking of making some now." 
"super interesting! pine forward, low bitterness &amp; a maple backdro... (pine tree agronomics) . photo" 
"user sweep right nuss special on cheese teeth!!!" 
"user mmmm.....beer " 
"user the bacon-nay-tor" 
"rt user i really dont drink that often but ive had more beer today then ive had in years and i am going to paaaaaay for it tomorrow." 
"i havent eaten in a couple days but this bread pudding was it for . 
"rt user i served breakfast tacos in nyc. banana pudding pancakes with vanilla cream . candied bacon and micro greens. . 
"drinking a red rye returning by user @ caldwell nj . photo" 
"old hwy 22/w. main street: clinton- motor vehicle accident in front of lenny's pizza. user 
"user i liked the chicken &amp; cornbread, loaded mac n cheese, and quesito (the latter was so good, . 
"rt user old hwy 22/w. main street: clinton- motor vehicle accident in front of lenny's pizza. user 
"rt user my baby's first hotdog... asked me if he should 'suck the sausage outta the bun' i told him no, just bite into it. " 
"the color is always phenomenal. delicious. - drinking a heady jams at user - . photo" 
"user user not enough ground beef and cheese" 
"nigga said i see you got them braces on your grill. . lemme put this sausage on it" 
"attention user user user oreo. beer. floats. you're welcome.. . 
"user user cool! any pizza is better than no pizza in our book! if you ever want to stop by, we'd . 
"rt user y'all coulda easily did "she loving the crew" missed a perfect opportunity smh.. . 
"watched little mermaid, beauty &amp; the beast and johnny bravo while eating pizza...13 years later we going on our nex . 
"discover your weekend plans. newjersey nj gardenstate events festival beer fall music fun hoboken pizza . 
"rt user we love all these! user user user user user . 
"happy friday 13th @ toscanella village cafe &amp; pizza . 
"oh we out here tonight . 
"rt user chocolate cake is bae. . 
"rt user blue cheese is trash." 
"maybe 4.6! wow! - drinking a send it by user @ pour judgement . photo" 
"crustless pizza . . 
"new post (chicagos soda tax is repealed) has been published on best images collections hd for gadget windows ... - . 
"rt user user bet lol. food: west egg, delia's chicken sausage, highland bakery, yeah burger, negril village,flying " 
"freshmozzarella + sausages + vineripenedtomatoes = what do you like on your pizza ? . . . travelfoo . 
"happening tonight!! stop bye grab some products while supplies last. pizza party and products sponsored by . 
"mmmmm the kids made pumpkin breakfast cookies today at cooking with kids!" 
"one. day. left. the 2nd annual beer &amp; whiskey festival returns tomorrow. tag your beer &amp; whiskey buddy below! . 
"im really struggling between eat panera bread or ordering crispy fries from my local pizzaria. lestruggles" 
"fuuuuuuuuuuuck you dude. i worship bacon. its my right as an american. . 
"no! the kids need 2 eat! they should offer halal food and something for non-muslims. a mixture including bacon for . 
"user user end that soak cheese" 
"just added overhead by user to our menu . 
"artisanaccents new candy coloring, chocolate chameleon, is now available at shore cake supply. . 
"so we not about to talk about his flawless fu on his son . 
"rt user the latest from user craftbeer our 20 favorite beer names from gabf 2017 . 
"rt user stop whatever youre doing: this will be the highlight of your day (life?) woohoo4yoohoo ! . 
"rt user you should probably serve these with crusty bread . 
"ravioli &amp; vodka sauce pizza order yours -&gt; . . . 
"fresh ricotta w/ cranberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut, nutmeg, crispy sage, &amp; walnut bread. . 
"user craft beer burgers?" 
"rt user i want french fries so bad! " 
"i wanna know how asking if we can order a pizza for dinner makes me a spoiled piece of shit when i even offered to pay" 
"this user video is great. because hes right. . 
"crisp, light, and fruity - drinking a zitronenweizen by user @ collingswood, nj . 
"rt user i'll never date a guy who refuses to see/ask for the desert menu while at dinner. he should know baby girl wants a " 
"rt user its friday, and i just want some pizza and a movie date. " 
"stream will be a bit later, after pizza " 
"good beer yesterday at beach haus. vsco visualsoflife beerporn craftbeer taproom . 
"circa 2014.... even better - drinking an 120 minute ipa by user @ harrison waterfront . photo" 
"hello there... - drinking a tripel horse by user at user . 
"rt user user i bet you eat pizza with a fork and knife, don't you travis?" 
"i want pizza everyday " 
"we're all doomed!!! fridaythe13th horror horrormovies cookies slashermovies jasonvoorhees . 
"tommorw is the rotary club of flemington, nj beer fest! . 
"tomorrow is the rotary club of flemington, nj beer fest. . 
"shamelessly singing along to rocky horror while i sit in my bed eating mac and cheese and i honestly couldn't ask for more" 
"rt user love me some pizza . 
"user user that pizza looks amazing! what kind was it?" 
"rt user all over the top . 
"rt user hoping to catch up with fellow internetainer pizza rat. . 
"yankees alcs game 1 - drinking a vengeful spirit ipa by user @ 5 chruch towers . 
"rt user spit on my face and sprinkle me with cheese and call me pretty" 
"rt user if you invite me to your house and i find out you keep ketchup in the cabinet i'm reporting you to the police department" 
"been up since 9 am and i'm just getting to eat now, but i'm not complaining cuz it's bomb ass pizza " 
"posting old photos from previous travel. paris 2007, cheese shop paris paristravel cheese cheeseshop . 
".i call this song "photobomb, bacon, chicken". lol courtesy of my children. music beats kids . 
"rft though . 
"you don't have to eat a huge meal to get more energy. some of these foods and drinks are quite simple. . 
"rt user spice it up with moore's buffalo chicken cheese ball recipe . ad mooreflavor foodie " 
"rt user enjoy red baron pizza and these free printable football activities while enjoying the game! ad redbarongametime " 
"just want a big fat pizza" 
"pipeworks lizard king on tap now. . user beermenus" 
"quick &amp; tasty chicken fried rice, no wok required . 
"stone enjoy by 10.31.17 on tap now. . user beermenus" 
"user user user looks like the inman guy that fought victor . 
"the ale house 11th &amp; willow. hoboken hobokenlife jerseycity bar drinks beer wine ipa . 
"rt user the ale house 11th &amp; willow. hoboken hobokenlife jerseycity bar drinks beer wine ipa . 
"rt user by the power vested in me by the iraq nuclear deal, i'm ducking my obligation to declare it beer o'clock &amp; will leave it" 
"rt user me: wow, you suspended jemele hill on some bullshit how shitty can you be espn: hold my beer . 
"blue cheese crusted rib steak rivolisgrillandchill . 
"cheese and cracker platter . 
"user user user nice! how was the beer that earned you this badge?" 
"just gonna receive some pizza from villa pizza, and these figures are too cute to take pictures . 
"rt user retweet if you've had or you're having pizza today! . 
"rt user ad celebrating national cheesecurdday with user with a story of hope and gratitude after irma " 
"rt user wemrock orchards trip-3 stations-donuts/apple cider, apple pie demonstration, pumpkin viewing! user " 
"dangerously delicious, wow. - drinking a sunday paper by user - . photo" 
"user user i bet you he can eat bread u god damn nerd" 
"i made 'beer bread'. first try! awesomeness @ beaver brook gardens . 
"eat in / take out - and we deliver too!! go to . to see our menu and call ahead with your order. pizza" 
"rt user y'all broke while i'm countin this bread . 
"life is all about craft beer, football, and ladies" 
"a nicely balanced beer. went great with my sweet potato gnocchi. - drinking a hefeweizen at user - . photo" 
"thanks chris j. ! - drinking a tropic haze india pale ale by user @ block 32 gym . photo" 
"rt user i want pizza and cuddles" 
"rt user this bacon so cute . 
"nothing worse than the juice that comes out of ketchup bottles. i feel like it ruins the entire plate of food" 
"pizza &amp; ribs user topped off with the best homemade ice cream gabrielsfountain . martinsville nights" 
"rt user you should take the cheese off your burger. it could save.... first of all, let me stop you there... . 
"pizza and lore! thank you so much user and user . 
"rt user ya mcm thinks cheese nips are better than cheese its" 
"user user user in fairness. cottage cheese is literally cat food" 
"rt user tenney, donovan, bacon, yoder, young all holding public events this recess. showupspeakout . 
"tastes like pumpkin bread. - drinking a pumpkin bread by user @ bedford bierhaus . photo" 
"user cam tooting the worst pete morelli does not like cheese steaks bad calls" 
"rt user you gonna get taxed for your dream &amp; you gonna find some people that show ya love on the price cuz they like to see ya shi" 
"nice wet hopped ale. - drinking a wet dreamin' by user @ landing quarry . photo" 
"beer. buster. football. sounds like a great night to us! head over to user . . 
"homemade cheese sauce with veal . 
"shoutout to user coming in clutch with the free pizza on this fall friday . 
"user my 2yo whines: i want chips! wife: do you want cheese with your whine? 2yo: i want cheese!" 
"user you feelin alright, my dude? hope them jr. bacon cheeseburgers do you somethin good." 
"user you don't want to mess with that crowd, they'll dip you in ketchup and then eat you alive." 
"rt user tase his big ass. high voltage. . 
"rt user the f u tho . 
"making yellow cake with cream cheese icing so ready for this to come out the oven." 
"user user in your professional opinion-he has to be the next chuck e. cheese wack a mole world champi . 
"send help, user is down and i'm going nuts time to blast infected mushroom and order a . 
"spooky lighting set, oktoberfest beer in hand, finally getting to watch user in therite . 
"where once there were pumpkins, now there are steaming loaves of pumpkin bread. yum! farmerchar . 
"user here's my problem with it. he shaves the top cheeks too neat. if you're going unkempt you need to let i . 
"thanks user and user . the kids ate the pizza before i got a pic but i managed to snap the garlic knots . 
"next week we start product of home style premium burritos. stuffed with chorizo, potato, rice, and cheese. also with chicken or beef." 
"i was breaking bread with niggas that were shady " 
"rt user i will make you a sandwich. bring you a beer. then suck you off while youre watching the game. facts . 
"rt user 100% real cheese. thats all treat, no trick. ad babybeltarget user . 
"so unbelievably tasty. also, jersey reppin in the 516/631. ... (raspberry tripel horse) . photo" 
"cheap beer and it's okay" 
"pennsylvania, dallas breweries start beer war ahead of eagles-cowboys game . 
"rt user win pizza for a year &amp; support breast cancer awareness! lovehopepizza contest ad find out more --&gt; " 
"some days you eat salad and work out. other days you eat pizza and don't do anything... it's called balance" 
"my roommate just handed me a beer while i'm taking a shower bro" 
"rt user celebrate cheesecurdday w/ user &amp; enter a user cheese curds giveaway! win ad: . 
"rt user i'm continuing to position myself fir a run for mayor. the one term mayor now user doesn't care about the p " 
"user user user i love cheese pizza too. the thing is not to think of this as pizza. it's tomato pie" 
"user user want some pizza to accompany your spooky streaming tweet user + unlimitedscreaming . 
"rt user user free on tpt! here's the link! . 
"awesome coffee bite! - drinking a son of a baptist (novo coffee) by user @ jack's shack . 
"rt user ordering pizza with jennifer hudson . 
"rt user 1st episode of the new beer podcast is live. thanks to user of user for a lively chat. . 
"ready for my half marathon tomorrow. - drinking an oak-aged vanilla world wide stout (2017) - . photo" 
"lmao nvm about hive... a yellow just showed up. guess i'll just go to carnival and suffer (and get a japanese soda maybe)" 
"if i skipped beer i could save 365,000. thats not happening either. . 
"the way he just slammed him on the table . 
"friday beer. @ biggie's - carlstadt . 
"whene you got pizza on a bagel, you can eat pizza on a bagel" 
"two brothers atom smasher on tap now. . user beermenus" 
"please shut him up. even more irrelevant than hrc. . 
"we weren't chatting... oh, never mind. . 
"under age drinking is nothing to mess with. officials doing their part to deter it. . 
"wow chugging beer trash" 
"rt user you said some bullshit!! . 
"beer me" 
"when your 9 year old sis is carrying your beer pong team user user . 
"rt user are you rocking the dad bod? us too! user sent us some treats to pair with beer for user check it o " 
"i really cant eat a lot anymore 2 slices of pizza and im stuffed " 
"rt user how about we stop inconveniencing minimum wage workers for retweets . 
"do you mean........... sicillian pizza . 
"user no pumpkin bread? as was i, my mother always watched whichever reruns were playing. besides the ori . 
"rt user friday the 13th might be an unlucky day, but when you live in the land of bacon, badasses and bald eagles, every day is a" 
"who is joe on the phone with this early? ordering a pizza? alcs" 
"craving a large pie with buffalo chicken, extra cheese and ranch. :(((" 
"i shall now be forever known as the silly sasauge. thanks internet lady! . 
"user user user user let me guess troy. you make beer in your mother's basement . 
"came back to literally 50 replies abou bread" 
"outraged that we don't have boxed mac n cheese or spaghettios in this house" 
"user user yes everyone is trading in 2 jobs for 1 full time job at dunkin' donuts that's paying the bills" 
"does jared kleinman eat acorn bread" 
"rt user idk how basic fitspo it is, peanut butter and rice cakes will always be the goat" 
"domino's pizza reports fast growth in digital sales - internetretailing . ecommerce marketing" 
"i want cheese sticks . 
"rt user school picture day is just like a regular day only you're supposed to drop your kids off with less cream cheese on their" 
"shhh no one tell her . 
"i'm gonna make so many fucking cookies tomorrow" 
"skeetor cheese 5-0" 
"flat beer and chocolate cheesecake, goddamn i'm classy" 
"it's so hard giving up beer,but i'm tryna get the best out these gainz" 
"rt user burglar: look at all these pizza boxes. he must eat it every day. me (hiding in closet): yeah, or maybe he threw a cool party" 
"rt user wtf is an acorn bread" 
"connor finished the acorn bread" 
"tastes of hazelnut, raisin, cocoa, residual sweetness. light in body wit... (dublin porter) . photo" 
"young pizza while drunk" 
"user cookies about to go in the oven since youre coming" 
"rt user vibrantly colored cheese . 
"rt user his penis is beautiful not gon lie... that beer belly not but....not my man. she just sent so many hoes to his dm lmao" 
"not every girl wants to sell cookies, some wanna go camping and actually do fun shit thats not purely for the comp . 
"always walling out on his kids mans gave him that attitude adjustment onto the table . 
"i legit just choked on my pizza " 
""who loves grape soda?" "eric loves grape soda." . 
"rt user 5 brewers you might not know now, but will very soon beer . . 
"rt user i'll put up case of dome faux'm from user and a dozen kolaches from user but know my user g " 
"user that was insane. just now got to watch it. even raw on someone's beer battered camera he sounds unreal." 
"ohh shit now . 
"have you heard baked series vol 2 : halloween mix by cookies x cream on soundcloud? np . 
"430 on a friday? time for a beer. user mlnmwhip . 
"user user user your pizza was delicious" 
"me right now. between wine and cheese. or both. indoors. or outdoors. but dont wanna travel. idk idk idk . 
"take a mini brewery tour at these 6 splendid southern ct breweries we've got world class beer in ... . 
"say you're out of honey mustard. it's either ketchup or some dry ass chicken . 
"baker street on 63rd street/1st avenue is in the space of the first ever tgif. this friday it smells like beer and . 
"rt user barcino is proud to participate in user goatober! tonight's special is a goat chorizo with goat chee " 
"user user user (i kinda lied. i dove in last night. my first beer from user was wonder . 
"rt user oktoberfest @ fairmont (oct 23-27, 57pm). choice of german sausage, german potato salad, &amp; pretzel twist for $5. " 
"nobody is all that ...ya farts don't sell like fresh baked cookies grrrrr light smack ...what lol . 
"user user user yawnnn gosh yawn you may have a po-- oh wait! look! espresso infused donuts for everyoneee" 
"see nobody is all that ...ya farts don't smell like fresh baked cookies....lol ..light smack . 
"rt user swing by the beer barn at the texas state fair, located just outside the cotton bowl steps, for some lonestarbeer " 
"off the fork: zucchini bread loved by humans and squirrels- . 
"whoops forgot user user user . 
"abbys chocolate mug cake recipe (grain-free) . . 
"lemon pepper wings and mac n cheese tonight with a side of greens. oh don't let me forget bae just asked for banana pudding." 
"tasting the next forever wild beer to be released. this is brett pale ale fermented with black . 
"i'm at putnam lake pizza in putnam, ny . 
"rt user no joke: a bartender just said the following to me: these cheese fries look beautiful...like you. is this a comp " 
"thirsty? hello weekend! beer . 
"gotta love user cookies! . 
"salute user and user . 
"check out labatts blue buffalo bills nfl zubaz silk flag beer banner sign wall hanging . via user billsmafia" 
"user my answer to that question is an emphatic yes. love me some chicago pizza." 
"user boneless pizza" 
"rt user i ate 35,000 cookies.... last week . 
"rt user donuts. . 
"my first sourdough loaf still cooling down! bread food baking breakfast recipe homemade cheese foodporn . 
"hot pretzels stuffed with brie cheese + a fig jam dunk from viennaofroslyn. if you didn't have . 
"@ someone who likes pizza more than me, i'm waiting..." 
"rt user bossip are the absolute fucking kings of headlines! this is poetry. . 
"rt user when it's fridaythe13th and you just want a beer. . 
"friday 13th! 'happy hour' 7pm-9pm $5well/beer/wine! *free beer w/ any woodfired pizza! $7pbr+shot all night... . 
"moves. so proud of my guys! user user user user user . 
"rt user game on. if the user win, well send you a case of user beer and a dozen cannoli. whats in it for n " 
"oh, despite being a "foodie" i love waffle house hash browns and i would eat my shoe if it was chicken fried and doused in country gravy" 
"user i could have used this information last time i was in the chicago airport -- i had a mediocre bar pi . 
"rt user and to paint trump's presidential portrait, the ghost of francis bacon!" 
"rt user you can help user during nationalpizzamonth by sharing pics of your pizza for a good cause . 
"yall really out here wilding for likes and retweets. . 
"nose strongly reminiscent of grape soda which comes through in the flavor; ... (pbj porter) . photo" 
"rt user my talents include: - napping anywhere at anytime - binge watching shows on netflix - making a box of mac &amp; cheese without the" 
"rt user enter for a chance to win pizza for a year! snap a pic of ur pink pizza box, tag user + lovehopepizza. " 
"rt user try these user this sat at downtown crown beer &amp; wine festival tix: . . 
"rt user how catalonia pulled off independence vote from spain using pizza code words, secret schemes . 
"common roots/peekskill dualships grisette on tap now. . user bronxville beermenus" 
"rt user pizza zoo, the day party for grown-ups, offers limitless slices and booze . 
"rt user user the cheese stands alone! the cheese stands alone! hi hi the derry-o, dotard stands alone!" 
"user i'm going to drop a glob of ketchup down the front of my bernie jersey tonight to help push them to victory" 
"leftover cranberry sauce? make post-thanksgiving cookies. . . 
"super clean and refreshing! - drinking a blueberry wheat @ stumblin' monkey brewing company - . 
"rt user this joker ain't seen savage yet. wait til' he has to fight for a loaf of bread at the grocery store. that's savage. h" 
"apple wrap with cheese and mustard hummus . . 
"ithaca pacific gravity on tap now. . user beermenus" 
"user user nice! if you're ever in the area, we hope you'll stop by and give our pizza a try!" 
"i dont drink but if i did drink. i would be drinking beer and whiskeys." 
"rt user ayeee user getting! rt user pizza zoo, the day party for grown-ups, offers limitless slices and booze ht" 
"sloppy ass pepperoni and extra cheese pizza, with the grease dripping, at an attractive pace." 
""when i travel around the country, i always try to at least have one local beer" . 
"drinking a suite by user @ unified . 
"rt user if anyone is thinking of fighting me, just know i cook bacon topless." 
"my mom put donuts in the refrigerator where do i sign up for a new mom" 
"dear dunkin donuts, if i asked for an iced drink i really expect there to be, ya know, some ice in it. thanks! shannon" 
"user cant pass up a chance to get some bread" 
"will be ordering dinner via my cool new client's app tonight user what says nyc more than pizza + the user thanks, user 
"first time experimenting with spun sugar it was quite fun! pumpkin spice cupcake cream cheese frosting. baking . 
"cheddar bread = best bread baking cooking food recipes cake desserts win cookies recipe cakes cupcakes . 
"store your beer underground! . 
"hot cakes" 
"rt user i don't want to hear another goddamned republican crying in their beer. this their mess. they knew. take action or go fuck" 
"just added lovely, dark and deep (winter ale) by breweryommegang to our menu . 
"cider donuts from user are a must . 
"that moment when your thumb is still greasy from the slice of pizza you just ate so your iphone doesn't recognize your touch id" 
"user user user hot sauce is adult ketchup" 
"rt user rook...well tweeps i had 4 hours out on the levels, almost missed this as it flew past me close quarters. now " 
"rt user noooooooooo. 'sausage party' director tackling 'the addams family' (exclusive) . via user 
"user pizza next time you're in new york city? " 
"flashback friday - mini patisseries from tx - wf autumn menu. worked with such an amazing pastry team.pastries . 
"great real world thinking from pizza hut - the 'pizza parka' spotlights innovations in it's new delivery pouch . 
"there were gasps at christies when a much-hyped francis bacon painting failed to attract a single bid . 
"man's love of energy drinks leads to brain hemorrhage . via user 
"on an unrelated note, how many nights in a row can you eat fudge strip cookies for dinner before you get diabetes?" 
"tonight's appetizer special is sauted shrimp on a cheese baguette with charbroiled tomatoes and . 
"told ya niggas the internet gonna fuck up the world. . 
"rt user there were gasps at christies when a much-hyped francis bacon painting failed to attract a single bid . 
"pumpkinspice pull apart bread! the perfect addition to any autumn brunch! recipe: . fall . 
"it's baaaaaack! fried chicken! new tonight: fried chicken sandwich w/collard green kimchi and . 
"user user user user better when you do not add ketchup" 
"user french fries, cookies, popeyes biscuits." 
"user ughhhh wtf!! just to be fair that pizza shop isnt in queens lol" 
"this woman on the ah train said staten island has the best pizza in nyc (also said bronx pizza wasn't good). she needs to leave" 
"rt user user user elmo like cookies too... . 
"a touch sweet. nice fruity finish. - drinking a pareidolia by user at user . photo" 
"this cute guy just came into my job and bought beer and he had his shorts hanging low and o god... lol i couldnt help but to look bulge" 
"for you, user . 
"relatable . 
"perfect start to the weekend. - drinking a thin man oktoberfest by user @ dalmatia hotel . photo" 
"rt user user user good questions for a panel... preferably one with beer !" 
"rt user i am convinced user dont want people eating vienna sausage &amp; skittles...&amp; i think hes gonna be totally pissed " 
"starting my vacation working here from 5pm to closing tonight...! (@ mustachio's pizza in buffalo, ny) . 
"pizza is just plain good for the soul. . 
"i love how not a single person in this office is doing work. were all drinking beer and talking lol" 
"rt user in a new byteschat, prof user offers insights on digital privacy: . 
"user where else can i get a pizza with dipping sauce aka a sauce for dipping your pizza in" 
"rt user gotta up pole on him smh . 
"spice it up with moore's buffalo chicken cheese ball recipe . 
"user ok bet. me and bae going to church in brooklyn that day emmanuel. girl pick a spot. i can make most . 
"someone order me a pizza please and thanks" 
"blade runner 2049: the world is a smoky ruin controlled by amoral tech companies. san francisco 2017: hold my beer." 
"rt user nigga this shit is stupid corny ... stop fucking up niggas businesses and property for some likes and rt ... . 
"rt user get the grande instead of the tall. take a nap. bake some cookies. paint your nails. use the bath bomb youve been " 
"user got a beerlinecleaning todayl beer craftbeer nycbeer nyc draughtbeer draftbeer tapbeer . 
"taking clothes to my client amy ceo of califlour pizza for food network and cast of hamilton . 
"user user haha, do you like your bacon extra crispy?" 
"lentil soup with sausage and acorn squash . 
"user here's the beer in question . 
"inch thirty-nine of little caesars bacon timeline. . 
"still the same strip of bacon we use on our pizza. almost there. . 
"just kidding. more little caesar's bacon timeline. . 
"inch twenty-four of a little caesars strip of bacon. . 
"user but is anyone making bacon?" 
"the little caesar's bacon timeline halfway point. . 
"we wrap our pizza in a pretty long strip of bacon huh? . 
"inch fourteen of a little caesars strip of bacon. . 
"only 2 feet of little caesars bacon to go. . 
"inch nine of little caesars bacon timeline. . 
"a former hollywood stuntman is bringing craft beer and pinball to woodside with his new bar, solid state . 
""who wants to eat some pizza? horny and hungry . hookup with hot girls at . 
"keep scrolling. we wrap our pizza in a lot of bacon. . 
"inch five of 3 feet of bacon. . 
"fourth inch of a little caesar's 3 foot strip of bacon. . 
"inch two of 3 feet of bacon. . 
"just wrapped my timeline in 3 feet of bacon. remade by user . . 
"rt user my stages of drunk are: 1. "i'm not even buzzed yet." 2. *sitting in the wet grass somewhere with my shoes off eating" 
"user you get bread from your computer network? cool!" 
"flourless almond butter and chocolate sandwich cookies (grain-free) . . 
"banana, oak, vanilla, clove, oak, bourbon. sweet! - drinking a belgian tripel at user - . photo" 
"nice and juicy. from my hopsy delivery - drinking a rockaway i.p.a. @ house that funk built - . photo" 
"pizza and scary movies for this friday the 13th" 
"rt user scary movie checklist: comfy couch blankets to hide under plenty of pizza fridaythe13th . 
"rt user "trump followers aren't racist! you can't compare trump followers to nazis!" trump follower: hold my beer... . 
"rt user friday checklist: run bake pumpkin bread watch scary movie" 
"user user user sounds pretty great! was this your first time trying a beer from that brewery?" 
"hellinacell reactions, the week in wrestling, and a weird dive down to pizza town...subscribe and listen on itunes or click the link in bio" 
"my idea of winning was fully realized today when i made it to try the daily craft beer selection at work before... . 
"apple, bacon and sausage breakfast skillet . . 
"rt user chili mac &amp; cheese? yes please! visit publix for rag bogo now through 10/11 (10/4 - 10/10 for some locations): " 
"rt user store your beer underground! . 
"user (and something for the celiac folks because i would not wish "gluten-free pizza" on anyone.)" 
"wells &amp; young bombardier on tap now. . beermenus" 
" i'm buying your next beer bruh. . 
"user come for the leafs, stay for the beer!" 
"rt user a former hollywood stuntman is bringing craft beer and pinball to woodside with his new bar, solid state " 
"young pumpernickel bread . 
"rt user user come for the leafs, stay for the beer!" 
"cranberry bread (grain-free) . . 
"inside taiwan's craft beer renaissance. . 
"user well maybe not as good as pizza but it's still good lol i got a chicken burrito &amp; it was super yummy . 
"user user user if i can predict the future. i left bread crumbs. all of this was planned. god is about to talk oh wow" 
"rt user whoever writing these headlines deserves a raise . 
"few things are better than friday afternoon post-work celebratory beer and chicken fingers w/ colleagues" 
"rt user finally someone said it. there should be a law. . 
"rt user i can't believe that i had to read this with my own two eyes. salt, pepper, and ketchup or bust . 
"rt user user user my lived experience is that ketchup on fries is very very gross and i will never stop speakin" 
"i could also eat fucking sand, user it's bad enough i have to eat less food to not be fat, stop trying to make . 
"rt user user i dip the fries in the ketchup rather than put it on them" 
"rt user user fries aren't complete without ketchup. lots of it. . 
"so smooth! all oak and honey on the nose, smooth and sweet. - drinking an angry cow stout at user - . 
"user all you know is your wife's ketchup company. go away herman munster" 
"rt user user if your fries need ketchup, they are not good fries. nat(h)alie solidarity!" 
"user now learns he's also responsible for the virgin islands. it's like getting charged for the bread basket at a restaurant, i know. " 
"rt user user are you against gravy and cheese curds like poutine? how about cheese?" 
"rt user malt vinegar. how do you not know this already. . 
"user thank you for your generosity! . 
"rt user user regular ketchup, yes. curry ketchup, though, is the bomb." 
"user na your not i only like pumpkin pie and pumpkin bread thats it haha the other stuff tastes weird" 
"rt user i'm sorry but if my son getting the 30pc at chuck e cheese i gotta jump in. . 
"user imperial is my least fave pizza ever" 
"i wanna point out chinese food also works . 
"brussels sprout pizza with goat cheese . . 
"growler fill. really good. - drinking a mountains of the moon by user at user . 
"this fucking caption lmfao . 
"user bacon timeline" 
"i have to confessdontrepress , last night i ate 2 double junior bacon cheese burger meals and 12 chicken nuggets. . 
"rt user starts with a donut, ends with a beer. friday, i'm always glad when you're here." 
"solid state brings craft beer and pinball to woodside,queens . . 
"tell me whats more lit that beer, bratwurst, and some bros? ...ill wait . 
"user cause i cant eat no meat so cheese is my meat !" 
"update: . the cheese is... okay . 
": man rapes woman, wants to have beer before she calls cops . 
"totally worth the calories. give up cheese, whats the matter with you?? . 
"mr. universal ice cream: caramel and oatmeal cookies in milk ice cream (@ kansha creamery) . . 
"user thats why dont fuck w dsu or a lot of other hbcu. they be playing with the bread and they are so unprofessional." 
"user user are cookies bread?" 
"pizza, wings and a movie with my loves watching the bfg movie" 
"ill meet u by u i want to get beer? is that ok" 
"user user sausage party! although i do wanna try endless rant ipa. sonnystrong" 
"bro i go to this pizza shop all the time not for nothing tho... theyre pizza is good af. . 
"rt user coffee oreo cheesecake brownies! layers of gooey goodness &amp; hidden user cookies in every bite! " 
"china jade on yelp: stir-fried chicken w/ roast chilli &amp; green chili (lunch special) . 
"rt user tag a friend who would love these marbled cookies . 
"i'm now the weird person cutting an unrealistic quantity of cheese in the vice kitchen" 
"remember when the weekend meant beer and relaxation? now we have threats of war and sketchy mass shootings. ww3 lasvegasshooting sadtimes" 
"my tattoo artist gave me cheese n crackers, i'm most definitely not mad it was some dank ass cheese" 
"rt user dutch schultz has a show on 10/14/2017 at 08:00 pm @ grand pizza in new britain, ct . concert" 
"user user but like thats what makes bread, bread right?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! yeast" 
"uric acid - instant gout pain relief - does baking soda really work like they say it does? . 
"15 gluten-free stuffing recipes that will make you forget about bread . fitness" 
"them niggas swallow pineapples... on pizza.. yuck . 
"user especially if i keep eating cookies for dinner. too bad i'm monotone. . 
"rt user french fries . 
"rt user its friday the 13th. i wanna be laid up watching scary movies and eating pizza " 
"rt user user my crib is always open plus i have a bunch of beer at the fridge lol" 
"rt user i dont really care for mixed drinks when im out. shots only. im trying to get drunk ok? skip the soda/juice" 
"rt user just added! soda pop - 9495 follow me here for updates and status: . . 
"salt on fries alone is not enough. user lemon pepper &amp;/or any seasoning would suffice. . 
"hill farmstead conduct of life on tap now. . user barrelhouse beermenus" 
"he (me) was up and then --ooh, user beer--he (me) was down! dodgeball at campshocktop . 
"for beer-battered seafood lovers, get ready to make authentic "pub style" dishes at home . . 
"friday celebration grilled cheese grilledcheese food yum foodporn cheese sandwich recipe lunch foodie . 
"i'm lactose intolerant and have a stomach bug rn but i ate a ton of cheese earlier and i'm somehow ok logic" 
"wwwwhhhaaaattt!!!!like if bacon is life! laurastoo baconisthebest foodlove omg bringthistoplattsburgh... . 
"user i'm not a doctor but i'm pretty sure there's a piece of pizza stuck in your eye" 
"doesn't have cookies but has got rice crackers. . 
"rt user right about ketchup, wrong about just salt. everybody knows fries goes with ranch or bbq sauce. . 
"friday coffee break this gluten-free, dairy-free banana bread was legit love this yellow . 
""bacon for good boys!" . 
"rt user pizza-stuffed chicken roll ups chicken dinner just became pizza night. recipe: . . 
"user cats don't eat pizza..." 
"user anything for u me and moe are always here for you . and always welcome to our crib xbox and beer for you " 
"when staten talks shit i'm like borough please, i'm cookin dinner for my queens makin shells n cheese" 
"rt user we hope everyone's weekend is as fun loaded as this baconjam quesadilla user bacon fryday " 
"rt user so many guys say youll be my wife someday watch like no im not bc your a dog already and all that beer will catch up to" 
"user user user those look amazing! which pastry was your favorite?" 
"rt user any user fans in houston? user &amp; user have us pinned vs. user for an alcs bet. whic " 
"what bothers me is it still says nice and easy and there was no warning and they did not honor the slice of pizza . 
"[oc] buckeye thumbprint cookies! i absolutely adore chocolate and peanut butter together. [6000x4000] foodporn . 
"beer/cheddar/chive loaf. still crackling so haven't cut into it. will post an update once i do. bread food . 
"sitting on a jetski in the middle of a lake w/ a beer life is good" 
"happyhour: buy 2 drinks (beer or wine), get the third one free! @ ground central coffee company . 
"ptsa billies bash is in full swing. come join us for hot dogs, cookies, bounce houses and face painting! . 
"that cheese cake factory " 
""ummmm boneless pizza" . 
"rt user give them bacon and send them to a muslim country! they are not capable of being american citizens! why cant we tak " 
"my kinda grub . 
"it's nice when my students and i can find some common ground with the 16th century. . 
"you're a grown ass man. . 
"i'm puttin' up your choice of a dozen bagels or 2 pizza pies from anywhere in nyc that ships 'em frozen. whatchu' g . 
"a little acrid, but dead-on for the style. - drinking a smoked porter by user at user . 
"i know i've been back on my pescatarian diet.. but i'm craving some fried chicken with hot sauce" 
"rt user want . 
"check this out! main street pizza company is raising money for gca! throughout the month of october, a portion... . 
"in my defense, i watched the bartender make the margarita. i knew i'd need bread before drinking it. i did not have bread." 
"literally arrest this guy . 
"just cried at a 30 second commercial for cookies that played on hulu if youre wondering how emotionally stable i am" 
"edge hands him a long peice of bacon petting his head . 
"rt user all i want in life rn is a glass of apple cider and a dozen apple cider donuts" 
"if you are ever in the bronx, get a slice from full moon on arthur ave. i would say it is the best pizza in nyc but i'm biased lol" 
"i want this rn . 
"user user did you enjoy hunkering down with that pizza?" 
"just spilled a beer all over ash's car i'm such a dick" 
"i need pizza so bad" 
"the tickets are cheap, the beer is even cheaper. join us at bowery electric tonight, or any night. all welcome 21+ w/ valid id and charisma." 
"last chance (thru 10/15) to snag your early bird tix to our wed nov 8 slow down party honoring june russell of . 
"rt user aint no fun... . 
"user shut up already you incompetent moron hope after this you never serve anybody but french fries! . 
"ffegr of el paso fire made his crew some steak sandwiches...but honestly you can keep the bread . 
"come to user for user rocktoberfest weekend! enjoy two days of live music and great beer. . 
"rt user me: im going to be healthy breakfast: fruit lunch: sandwich dinner: salad midnight snack: large pizza, mac &amp; cheese, a gal" 
"love it, much needed - drinking a scottish ale by belhaven brewery at user . 
"these are the restaurant chains to skip if you dont want meat with antibiotics . via user 
"why does no italian place carry cheese lasagna" 
"it should be illegal to label gluten free pizza dough as pizza dough on packaging in stores - its a blatant lie." 
"user after my son had cleft palete surgery one of the foods he could eat after a bit were french fries, s . 
"rt user we'll also be giving away user infamous authentic whiskey cakes made with user ! see you to " 
"user user user user mayo for fries. im french. ftw. . 
"fancy some beer? try one of these. these are the most popular beers at the 2017 great american beer festival . 
"omg user is selling beer now as if i didn't already spend all my paychecks there" 
"user seriously though, who cares if your next calendar isnt quite like the last one! fans got to watch you chop bacon! " 
"cheese is like wine" 
"rt user as if a 40% off sale with live music wasn't gonna be god enough, we'll also have food trucks including user tacos," 
"whew...glad to be almost done with work. there's leftover pizza from the school kitchen that i can't wait to take home " 
"niggas brought me a sandwich and soda too.. it's still fuck 12 forever tho." 
"east coast iceland - user quote of the day: "they have goat cheese here! i mean they have sheep... . 
"he didnt better . 
"rt user mini pumpkin bundt cakes with cheesecake filling grab the recipe today on the blog: . . 
"rt user user tucker carlson is to media/commentary what sugary energy drinks are to diet/nutrition. hes a shameles " 
"i am already optioning my screenplay in which they rapidly evolve from eating pizza to eating people . 
"rt user no10: pm has full confidence in philip hammond. no11: hold my beer..." 
"thats a good bread . 
"rt user the tickets are cheap, the beer is even cheaper. join us at bowery electric tonight, or any night. all welcome 21+ w/ v" 
"me at company happy hours: *walks downstairs. sees people. spots beer. grabs a beer. goes back to desk and drinks beer.* " 
"rt user user thank you for your generosity! . 
"i literally cook and serve sausage for 8 hours at wegs chilling" 
"nothing better than an ice cold beer after a long work week." 
"just a gal trying to enjoy her artichoke pizza in wsp and theres a man rapping about me/it. he ended with just some food for thought" 
"a chop cheese is 1 of nys simple pleasures " 
"pizza at work today bout to busssssssssssss " 
"~ been craving some donuts . 
"happy flipping friday! - drinking a blackbird oatmeal stout by user - . 
"two roads roadsmary's baby on tap now. . user beermenus" 
"rt user homemade chicken apple sausage far surpasses any ol' storebought variety. user . " 
"im only a hornets fan for bacon . 
"i'd attend more meetings if cookies were promised. . 
"it's a nice night for yankees acls baseball! user vs user parkslope gowanus boerumhill cocktails . 
"rt user drizzling the ketchup on the fries&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;dipping them in the ketchup" 
"user you can tell i really like cheese. i fucking wish i had chocolate cake right now." 
"user i love rose wine. this is raspberry im drinking. pizza is on the way " 
"user user i hear u confiscated the cheese" 
"i have secured the cheese . 
"2-for-2 so far. will you buy me a soda pop? . 
"if i die unexpectedly, please lay slices of pizza on my casket as a gesture of solidarity and love. fuckroses " 
"just because i like french fries don't mean i like french kissing" 
"rt user user stop wasting good pizza on this bullshit" 
"rt user trail runners. sat. oct. 21 user is hosting a 8, 4, and 2-mile run at gibraltar rock. beer, swag and fun. " 
"it took one beer to make me feel happy enough to buy a cersei lannister necklace (which i did not need) off etsy for my halloween costume." 
"&amp;pizza!!! soooo goooood!!! @ &amp;pizza . 
"rt user user our group is the masters of off script stops. a cupcake break at goodness cakes! mmmmm . 
"rt user join us and liberty humane society for our craft beer festival. taste the best of what the area has to offer in bee " 
"user graziella's for pizza, clinton hill technically but i love bolinas. you have two food halls gotham and deka . 
"user user honestly it's a very intimidating cheese" 
"user user and yet, they already have cookies covered." 
"november 3, 6-9pm, it's beer o'clock! drop-off your artwork for our members show, check out witness &amp; sample beer! . 
"buffalo chicken pizza yummm" 
"user i ate a flower once and i tasted like cheese" 
"rt user calling all mac 'n' cheese lovers ! these 7 recipes are made for you ! . 
"yankees and beer with my baby tonight user 
"user user tbt to when i put a whole slice of pizza on my face as a joke. i too, broke out afterwards. . 
"user user user i hereby declare tomorrow dudas pizza day. i will use slice, my man " 
"user such a great farmers market! pls eat all teh cheese rolls for me k?" 
"rt user pull up a stool. put some songs on the jukebox. old m-w's telling stories about words again. . 
"rt user who says you can't have donuts for dinner? want a mac'n'cheese-nut? a spaghetti-nut? let's go nuts! " 
"rt user vegetables, chicken, and golden crust -- no one will be able to resist a classic pot pie. . . 
"waiting on a pizza &amp; then finishing the last twelve hours promised on stream." 
"genetically modified wheat could bring bread back to those with celiac disease . . 
"user well farty pants.. pizza gate opened the doors for pedogate and it is real.. the gates are flowing" 
"i don't need this kind of negativity in my life! givemecheese . 
"rt user this guy has me putting cheese in ramen. what the fuuuuccckkk is life?!" 
"cant believe these people had owners bread catered and had the nerve to serve the black man soup smh" 
"making bacon in the oven, instead of a skillet, is way less messy, and better for your kitchen . 
"making pizza? getting it delivered? either way, you're going to want some sauce. . 
"cookies,#recipes,#dessert did you know there are certain foods can help you to build muscles faster? . 
"mama we made it . 
"great to see the drydenrecreation winter catalog on display carrozza pizza co. @ carrozza pizza . 
"you might be surprised to learn this, but new car smell, a cranberry air freshener &amp; pizza do not mix well." 
"my tongue feels like i just ate 4 kiwis, but it was pizza. " 
"user i'd combine you with cheese and you would be even more tasty." 
"i don't trust people who eat nachos without cheese or salsa. like who raised you" 
"millennials seem to think pot is safer and cheaper than beer . 
"aigh where's the pizza at" 
"user user love seeing how my book about sally inspired great pizza making at your school! yummy!" 
"bbq + starcraft + beer = win." 
"user user pizza and streaming make the perfect pair tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + to g . 
"have felt like exploding in a million anxious bits all day. after work, i'm gonna eat pizza, get really high, and write the goddamn poem." 
"rt user do you ever have one of those days where you just want your dog and 46 chocolate chip cookies......because same" 
"young slice of pizza . 
"on the blog tonight: trying poutine for the first time and taking on toronto one timbit at a time . 
"user user sounds great to us! is that your favorite kind of pizza?" 
"facts . 
"user ..... is that how you eat your cheese sticks? " 
"user i believe in you. you can make a better pancake with a little research and practice." 
"last of the obnoxious rts! if you're nyc/brooklyn tomorrow and free let's chill and drink beer!" 
"rt user brooooooklyn!! im on at 11:30 free admission, free pizza, good vibes boi . 
"amc horror movie night and pizza hut. " 
"rt user happy fridaythe13th! tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + for some free pizza to pair with a scary movie. " 
"is that an option? can you add fur to your order like bacon? user 
"i gotta punt little homie . 
"this is criminal . 
"rt user respect. why isnt bread picking a side? we are picking a side. we side with our users. . 
"rt user "soda pop, soda pop" * handmade quilts * . etsymntt etsy handmade" 
"at table 321 at anotheranimeconvention right next to the wild bill's soda pop stand. come say hi! aac2017 . 
"mmm.. bacon.. . 
"victory golden monkey bottles now available. . user beermenus" 
"proud of you guys, ya'll came a long way user . 
"share the sargento natural cheese snack love with a friend. ad sargentocrowd . 
"in honor of emma swan's last episode, i'm enjoying grilled cheese &amp; onion rings! user user . 
"bih i'm bout eat some edible pizza . 
"grimm capslock on tap now. . user beermenus" 
"rt user three cheese mac sale currently running for my website! full trays for sell, can serve 6-10 people easy, affordable " 
"so tonight a little wine and cheese with friends. now if i can just stay awake. wine cheese friday13th . 
"user two hours? brb im gonna get pizza first" 
"rt user ptsa billies bash is in full swing. come join us for hot dogs, cookies, bounce houses and face painting! . 
"questnutrition : these chocolate skeleton protein cookies made out of quest bars are scary good! recipe: . 
"poolish biga in one bread bread food baking breakfast recipe homemade cheese foodporn yummy bakery . 
"not really my thing, but as far these go, i appreciate it's char... (duchesse de bourgogne) . photo" 
"my makeup and outfit are really good today yet here i am alone on the couch eating nacho cheese with my hands" 
"best pizza in sf?!? annnd go " 
"out of work, cold beer, bin fire and user is our president! folks, life doesnt get better than this! america yessir" 
"rt user this is now a pun thread . 
"rt user "if homeboy comes through with one accent, it's quiet. but if he comes through with 5, he's gonna like...get it." . 
"didn't the 'stros already beat your team, user ? . 
"i can literally drink one beer and i'll be peeing for the rest of the night" 
"user this food is amazing!!! the best pizza i've had in ages. definitely coming back! user 
"pizza time!! . 
"kids &amp; dogs go together like chocolate chip cookies &amp; milk . 
"homerun trinity! - drinking a hype forager by user - . photo" 
"cinnamon sugar rim with pumpkin beer is - drinking a pumpkin ale by user @ whiskey tavern . 
"prosciutto, potato, onion and arugla pizza. it's what's for dinner. . . 
"7 reasons why you should never eat ketchup . . 
"so corny nigga . 
"chain gang repeat offenders, put electric shock collars on them and have them hand dig footings for the border wall. . 
"rt user nyc's biggest pizza party returns this halloween w/ downtown's sweetheart user &amp; more! happy friday the 13th " 
"apple cider bread with currants (and a crapload of melty butter) . . 
"cakes desserts recipes baking . chocolate mayonnaise cake ii" 
"i made hayburner chicken wing soup and grilled cheese friday get loud" 
"rt user the only way to eat pizza is to drown it in ranch " 
"i made pumpkin chocolate chip cookies and didn't fuck them up look how pretty they are . 
"this is what michael from vsauce said off-the-record about call of duty: "pizza dough funded dogs."" 
"yeah but i can chug beer faster than him, so who is really winning at life? . 
"lmfao this was so me this morning stupid b*tch gave me cookies when i asked for a frappe . 
"now thats e-fuckin-nough cosmo . 
"do yous put ketchup on your eggs" 
"fuck it beer olympics at the crib" 
"rt user check out these fun candy corn cookies for halloween! user ad . recipes . 
"ready for pizza and a scary movie with user unlimitedscreaming via user 
"pineapples dont go on pizza!" 
"user everything is better with bacon!!!!! " 
"rt user happy national pizza day! @ keste williamsburg . 
"user i dont know you but i hate you. having lived in nyc for 7yrs i havent had walkers smokey bacon in my head. now i need them." 
"pancake kitten requested by my art viewer shape condenast nature ladyart instaart art . 
". learn how baking soda can turn your house from frightening to fresh this halloween! simplesolutions ad . 
"rt user if this gets 200 rts, everyone gets free pizza. ready set go . 
"binging with wine and pizza user . 
"i cant believe how many beer bongs i did with someone who is now being prosecuted by the federal government" 
"user now i'm thinking about donuts too." 
"rt user i need a beer. someone beer me pls. its been a day" 
"friday feelings @ juliana's pizza . 
"i just ate like 10 tostones drenched in ketchup. send help." 
"this place is byob, so this is actually from my own stash lol - drinking a tapped maple @ la cantina bay - . 
"want clear skin? - take cough medicine every 4 hours - drink chammomile tea all day long - forfeit cheese - hate life" 
"rt user join the dark side, we have pizza parties every friday" 
"rt user pick up this deal at user your home of $5 pizza and all your tailgate needs! ad . 
"wondering about the best 15 minute car ride ever? hearing the "best of" choral warm-ups! 1 is "chocolate cookies and oreos"user 
"13 year old and his first beer . 
"user user jimgaffigan pastrami didn't know they made pastrami pizza " 
"brunch for $34.95: any item on the menu +1.5 hrs unlimited brunch cocktails + tap beer + basket of bread, home made mini muffins &amp; jelly" 
"user young gluten-free bread loaf." 
"user cuse gonna shock the world tonight! or until i finish this first beer." 
"user user southerners dont know shit about pizza!" 
"deep dish pizza (grain-free) . . 
"rt user this is terrific! &lt;3 the house that cheese built . via user 
"user it's my favorite beer. i can only hold out for so long." 
"perfect for taking the edge off when the wife... (hallo ich bin berliner weisse watermelon) . photo" 
"user haha.. i rather be with a girl who eats pizza.. lol" 
"just an outstanding beer ... - drinking an oatmeal cookie brown ale by user at user . 
"ya rather spend a low price for a tattoo that look like crap than spend bread for a nice professional looking tattoo " 
"user user me too bro especially since im going to mexico the monday after twitchcon lmfao. energy drinks stocked" 
"user i'm a foodie/beer snob, not a sociopathically fancy freak" 
"rt user when niggaz ask me for favors i don't text back straight cheese boy " 
"i said fuck you when i read this title . 
"loaded fries for lunch. pizza and chicken fingers for dinner. this has been a successful fattyfriday" 
"rt user he's trying to say cheese . 
"today is a great friday the 13th so far. i got a christmas tree, french fries, and i get to live with kano the puppy." 
"this person is trash for this. . 
"come watch movies, drink wine and eat cookies with me and my identical. k thanks." 
"user inner circle, get the hot chips pizza and wings. best french onion dip in history of universe" 
"rt user alcohol and endless amounts of pizza. user . 
"young beef patty with cheese . 
"getting a southern fried steak! - drinking a belgian white @ locomotions sports bar &amp; grill - . photo" 
"this bacon cheddar dip from trader joes is sooooo good" 
"you can now order a papa johns pizza while messaging your friends on facebook without ever leaving the app . 
"i want to drink lotsaaa beer and talk to people" 
"a cheese advent calendar exists and we are so ready for it . 
" who wants mac and cheese? . 
"user but how else are you going to get your favorite chopped cheese?" 
"who doesnt love some cheap beer and a fire on a crisp fall night " 
"cocktail sauce, hot sauce, ketchup... bounty paper towel. " 
"this girl, tho @ parleaux beer lab . 
"if u think about it water is just boneless ice . 
"rt user i want/need halloween sugar cookies" 
"hate to break it to y'all but artichoke pizza is vastly over rated" 
"stoneyard hazy hoppy nonsense ipa on tap now. . beermenus" 
"rt user when u get older u gotta spend yo bread on stupid shit like curtain rods ....smh" 
"friday night staying in watching sports first syracuse football then yankees. who wants to bring me some beer ? . 
"rt user scientists announced that eating bacon sharpens your sense of humor. "which also helps explain jews, muslims and vegetarian" 
"my buddy user wrote and directed the film. had a great time working with those folks. . 
"im becoming a woman that finally has an answer to what do you want to eat for dinner? pizza. the answer is always pizza." 
"user whats your cut of choice for chicken-fried steak?" 
"answered: "i've been scrubbing tongue with toothbrush and baking soda. now 1 of bumps at back is har..." healthtap . 
"user lmfao (chugs a beer at work)" 
"my girlfriend made a friday the 13th themed birthday cake cake birthday chocolate food dessert yummy love . 
"user are you excited to do more marathon beer drinking in two weeks, once more with pumpkin" 
"rt user there's never been a time in my life where a dozen donuts or chicken parm have ever let me down" 
"the perfect beer for an exercise science major . 
"cheese board cutting board 3 pak handcrafted from oak and . via user 
"rt user user user user thanks for my delicious and cheese sticks. i am now ready for " 
"user user user user hot dogs are all-american and this is the nba. support the one tr . 
"rt user shoutout to user coming in clutch with the free pizza on this fall friday . 
"and this is just the bread. now booking the final weekend of the club car at the heath! join . 
"user well, at least you'll soon have pizza to keep you company (and then you'll be alone again)." 
"user user user user prissy why would anyone believe their lies. go stick your head in a pizza oven." 
"now playing : pizza shop f. mf doom &amp; del the funky homosapien by user tune in at . . 
"mom for the win with pizza and meds. " 
"2bros pizza, hitting" 
"wtf lol u wilden rt user if u eat pizza folded we cant be cool. go buy a sandwich u fucking weirdo" 
"consumers warned not to eat "toma celena" raw milk alpine table cheese, sample confirmed w/listeria contamination. . 
"i wonder what larry david would have to say about tongs in a box of donuts . 
"rt user he pulled up in some fresh kicks and he like.. got it . 
"rt user then the cheese. rt user this was my shit and the first thing im grabbing when i go on there is the hams https:/" 
"after working 12+ hours every day this week and then drinking precisely one beer . 
"rt user clemson tailgate is underway! join us in stadium lot behind the dome until 6:30 for wings, pizza, and cornhole! " 
"rt user mmmm...squashes the imperial brown ale competition - drinking a squashgoals at user - . 
"just had a dream about people wearing cookie capes, and you could just pull cookies off their capes when they walked by." 
"user lol that sounds good! i just ate half a loaf of garlic bread. im happy" 
"win a box of pumpkin spice madeleine cookies and brownie bites! user giveaway user . 
"but is it spicy? rt user . 
"user user dont disrespect hawaiian pizza like that , thats the best pizza on earth ." 
"after a few sips i can dig this beer user powerpop craftbeer . 
"rt user user i hear the asst. principal loves krispy kreme donuts! whos gonna get to her first?" 
"i'm going to die waiting for this pizza" 
"iyeee cmon my frrriend . 
"rt user where tf y'all got chicken tenders at . 
"i also wish that famous amos cookies had a twitter page so that i could let them know directly that i adore their chocolate chip cookies." 
"rt user warning: there isn't nearly as much beer in the wilderness as coors commercials lead one to believe." 
"senator corker to trump: "you cannot publicly castrate your own secretary of state... its very irresponsible." tr . 
"i hate shit like this. do yall want cookies or something? . 
"'sausage party' director tackling 'the addams family' (exclusive) . via user 
"mini pumpkin bundt cakes these mini pumpkin bundt cakes with cheesecake filling are sure to impr... . via user 
"hot wings, 'cuse football, and cheap beer. - drinking a miller high life by user - . 
"in burger heaven with user mound city shack burger with smoked ranch bacon and special sauce created exclu . 
"tasty beer time ... - drinking a resurgence ipa by user - . photo" 
"i will never understand humans who leave bread in their bread basket. i have pretty good self control but come on! " 
"user if monty plays go with him, more pass game potential. have a beer for me! good luck " 
"peppermint pinwheel cookies (grain-free, paleo) . . 
"user senator corker to trump: "you cannot publicly castrate your own secretary of state... its very irres . 
"swiss cheese investigation. the only thing that ever stays secret in this investigation is the outcome. . 
"user i hope she beat the sh*t out of him with those beer cans first." 
"rt user steven hyde my son loves camaros, zeppelin, french fries &amp; jackie abandoned by everyone has trust issues " 
"chilli cheese fries are the best comfort food... fthis takethisstressandshoveit . 
"rt user i hope yall are proud of yourselves. enjoy that caucasian cook out with your auntie linda dry ass pasta with the big cheese" 
"rt user unfortunately, 4 days of cake talk plays out for a month of episodes but at least that's less then 6 years of sprin " 
"ll cool j - pink cookies in a plastic bag" 
"rt user pizza delivery guy just rang my doorbell &amp; i didn't order pizza. told him he had wrong house, one of the hardest things i've e" 
"wish i was at prudential center for those pizza box nachos " 
"whiskey, bourbon, beer and grilled cheese this place is pretty good" 
"a good night for user pizza and wings beer movie night" 
"heading to chicago now! what are your deep dish pizza recos? preferably in river north...? :)" 
"rt user me- theres not much more shit life can do to me. life- hold my beer." 
"want some pizza to accompany your spooky streaming tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + to get your snack on" 
"niggas getting too old for this childish shit . 
"was told to buy 2 donuts by user &amp; cashier slipped a 3rd one for free! fri13, my lucky day! also this pic repr . 
"these smart bears broke into a pizza place and the owner had the best reaction pizzafriday . 
"town hall w. my entire dept this week and guess what photo of me was submitted for the slideshow ... me and a slice of adriennes pizza some" 
"user is that a sausage pizza." 
"hands-on: monster energy supercross is more exciting than soft drinks . 
"rt user btw: it's fine to dvr baseball. like cold pizza, way better watching it in the morning. tonight is for user macgyver hawaiif" 
"yo what's up with these wanna be fatboys!?! . 
"rt user our jv football team tailgating before the varsity football game at lasalle. special thanks to our booster club wh " 
"it has been scientifically proven that grilled cheese tastes better when cut in half corner to corner" 
"when you've had a day from hell &amp; all you want is pizza! makin a quick stop before going home. . 
"rt user serving jambalaya tonight user with corn bread, hush puppies, &amp; sweet potato casserole user " 
"rt user i broke bread with bitches i should've let starve..that's my fault thou." 
"user jason sipped a bit of his soda and occasionally took some kernels as the show continued. once the . 
"user just your classic philadelphia cream cheese " 
"great meal &amp; service user pizza pasta meatballs italian cavatelli speck . 
"i have my beer and chips, just waiting on game 1 of the alcs to start. go yankees! . 
"get you a man who looks at you like bruno looks at a pizza box . 
"user user user ignore park hes drunk off happy hour beer and german idealism" 
"love the grilled cheese truffle centerbarny lunch anyone? . 
"rt user young pizza . 
"rt user lets go yankees! mlb playoffs tonight beer &amp; food specials during the game . 
"i wanted pizza but instead of ordering delivery i popped a frozen one in the oven - is this better or worse . 
"now i want some za . 
"rt user young soda. . 
"i dig it. - drinking a superhop by user @ african road middle school playground . 
"rt user reposting user today i made a snack that looks better in person and flavor wise is gluten free brea " 
"how to make math more friendly? add beer! museum of math . 
"did you know that a hamburger is created from cheese in discord servers?" 
"user lets decorate the apartment &amp; make cookies and go to a haunted house." 
"oraciously eats hot dogs, chuggs beer, then grabs bat* okay boys, lets get 'em. (at least that's what i do in my mind). yankees alcs2017" 
"watching in a bar, sharing a table, pizza and beer with total strangers clemvscuse" 
"rt user other than tuesday's win, best cbj thing this week? john tortorella calls artemi panarin "bread." not "breadman," jus" 
"chemo dulls her taste buds so all she'll eat now is smoked salmon and bacon. note the untouched low sodium canned t . 
"prairie artisinal ales christmas bomb 2016 growlers now available. . beermenus" 
"voraciously eats hot dogs, chuggs beer, then grabs bat* okay boys, lets get 'em. (at least that's what i do in my mind). yankees alcs2017" 
"mcdonalds chicken tenders are a waste i just like the little thing were u can put your bbq sauce thats pretty sick" 
"rt user food cooking delicious cook bbq bacon meatballs bbq bacon onion? wrapped meatballs . 
"rt user i'm suspicious of anyone carrying a pizza like a briefcase." 
"rt user garlic bread grilled cheese is a thing you guys. a thing from the heavens." 
"young string cheese . 
"thinking about when rams and i were just sitting on the nyc street drinkin beer from brown bags&amp; i said "babe i feel like abby and ilana rn"" 
"rt user home brewing: 70 top secrets &amp; tricks to beer brewing right... beverages . beverages" 
""what is this" "that's cheese" "and what is this" "cheese also" "and what is this? potato?" "that's cheese"" 
"leo tolstoys family recipe for mac n cheese user - . . 
"bacon wrapped chicken stuffed with asparagus and mozzarella . recipe cooking . 
"user user thanks for pizza was finally able to send to my cousins yummy . 
"rt user pizza hut parka keeps you as warm as a pizza: . . 
"french toast is literally soggy bread . 
"rt user you know the school cafeteria is great when your first grader comes home raving that yahaira made him a gf grilled cheese" 
"rt user these type of videos are the stupidest thing i've ever seen. people think they're funny by doing this . 
"would rather b at a bar with a cold beer but this will do . 
"pumpkin bread with oats . . 
"rt user i ate reputation cookies and customised reputation m&amp;ms and chicken tenders and then i realised she had the same vinega" 
"come to the career fair at the ramada inn off of i-74, pinecrest ave. exit. complimentary monical's pizza, first co . 
"today someone emailed me about posting in return for a month worth of free pizza and i thought about becoming a mf influencer again" 
"my diet today: waffle with bacon and brie, fried chicken, wine ice cream, squash soup. living my best life?" 
"rt user i'm good, thanks . 
"rt user our smoked and fried chicken sandwich topped with sweet and smoky bbq sauce, mayo, pickles and romaine slaw " 
"buffalo wild wings doesnt have cheddar cheese curds. ridiculous!" 
"dr pepper literally my favorite soda " 
"have your japanese beer and mix it, too, with kirin ichiban beertails: . mensgear menslifestyle mensfashion mens" 
"rt user the user perform at user grand opening to crowds as new shops, restaurants and music venues debut. " 
"ghostly chicken &amp; pepper pizza - my friendly ghost pizza wont scare folks away from your dinner table. my fami... . 
"rt user no voice more respected on hurricane response in america than user . 
"80on sunday dyckman bar presents sundayfunday edition sundayoct 15 beer pitcher . 
"friday night lights at baby cakes field. st. aug vs. john curtis purpleknights letsgopurple . 
"user tumblr didn't even fuck up rnm it was the stupid fancy ketchup disaster but yeah, everything else p . 
"5 tips to travel with champagne taste on a beer budget user . . 
"thanks for having us on! . 
"user attacking the nra, which does not regulate firearms, is misdirected. have another beer and think ab . 
"i just want to drink the feelings that halseys album will elicit but my beer is almost gone and they're $13 for a corona" 
"end of little caesar's (made by user bacon timeline. time to enjoy the real thing at a location neare . 
"dallas keuchel looks like he should be selling artisanal cheese at the union square green market." 
"inch forty-one of 3 feet of bacon. . 
"i'll def take some pizza to accompany my spooky movie binge. lol! user user + unlimitedscreaming + . 
"rt user happy birthday and congratulations for having that many. lol. the more u have the faster they go by btw watch the " 
"user i guarantee that an anpanman pizza in japan would have an, pan, or both in it." 
"10 times bacon tried to test our love by trying a new look . 
"rt user in 2017 we don't date people who still drink soda" 
"user nice, i considered giving up pizza!" 
"mr. potato head-captain america cake! kellybankscakes @ kelly banks cakes . 
"lmfaoooooooooooo . 
"user i like ketchup better on food than in my hand, but, any port in a storm. have a good weekend " 
"reading a novel about a programmer who starts baking bread and decides to join an underground farmers market. this book is totally my jam" 
"parachute on yelp: the bing bread . 
"this is satisfying . 
"dude won't wear a user cap but would gladly give away our beer if the yanks lose. that's no bet, esp. coming fr . 
"ireallyshouldtry to switch to drinking ale instead of beer." 
"rt user it's lunch time &amp; it's friday. methinks it's time for everyone in queensnyc to eat pizza . 
"user are you going to user ? i'll buy you a covfefe or a beer!" 
"user you can be committed to it all you want with your fish and chips just don't push our fish and chips i . 
"rt user check out maui hawaii hawaiian beer sweatshirt size large black da kine tiki surf aloha . via user 
"(my bacon number is 2*: i had a class with kevin bacon's brother and he helped me compose music, and he's in a band with the bacon)" 
"user sure is make sure you get your cookies out there" 
"he smoke trees while i'm up on my knees after that cook him steak wit grilled cheese" 
"10pm and i'm craving a pizza." 
"yiff furry porn . - [f] cakes girl puppy . 
"so the portions at faro were smaller than a sample cup of mac and cheese i get at whole foods" 
"user because they see trump as butter spread on their bread..." 
"made some vegan cookies, someone please come eat them ." 
"lmfaooo . 
"young spaghetti parm but i might just go with young parm to keep it crispy! . 
"please bring me chocolate cake." 
"i have beer let's talk about l ron hubbard c'mon over" 
"rt user my family calls vagina "coco bread" bih i was so shook when i could read and saw them selling actual "coco bread" i " 
"mr. vegas - bruk bread . nowplaying listenlive" 
"shake shack chicken tenders exist and more intel . newyorkcity nyc . 
"well i watched friday the 13th and made cookies what a lovely day i had" 
"who owns the stadiums the astros play in? a soda company. oh, weird. who owns the stadium the yankees play in? the yankees. ." 
"rt user every pizza is a personal pizza if you believe in yourself" 
"airmax loving cakes lmao . 
"i ate my welcome bag for dinner. when i get married im giving people pizza lunchables." 
"royallll with cheese" 
"they do good work - drinking a southern hemisphere double ipa by user @ big blue water tower . 
"rt user user surprised our user pizza party winners from yesterday's clinic! they played user and " 
"rt user owners of 'breaking bad' house build fence to shield from pizza-throwers . . 
"young fried chicken . 
"brick oven pepperoni pizza &amp; hocus pocus with my little girl on a friday night. wevibing" 
"rt user new user brings finest welsh cheeses to your door . 
"mood . 
"rt user whereas those dudes are now unilaterally beer bellied, unhappily married and nursing 10 year coke hangovers" 
"user need i remind you that kevin bacon is a lead actor? best movie of horror or any genre. tremors . 
"bacon shine like a beacon" 
"i hate all upsets i don't get bread on lol . 
"pea pasta with goat cheese sauce . . 
"dude is such a hipster no beard but beer coffee pets tattoos friends money, god th list goes on..." 
"tastes just like it says. really sweet but not bad. favoritebeers summershandy beers footy greatnight beer . 
"walnut sourdough batards bread food baking breakfast recipe homemade cheese foodporn yummy bakery . 
"thank you the5thavenuetheatre for these beautiful cookies! folkvangrcookies user . 
"rt user am singing in the rain it's like ketchup moutarde paris hilton you know new york city like chinatown those barbecue it's" 
"rt user not even vegan, but i'm a sucker for a good user class! lots of fun making vegan cheese with this crew and " 
"i just saw a commercial for a bacon, egg, and cheese taco. tacobell makin dreams come true." 
"rt user a catholic uber service where you get in and theres wine and bread and its also a confessional box" 
"rt user user i got some african sausage for you whenever you stop playin" 
"these are normal things . 
"rt user big focking mood . 
"rt user fruit. beer. fest. come check out unique local craft beers tom at the 1sr annual ofw fruit beer fest. 2-5pm. limited tix" 
"rt user received sext: "i want you to come over, i want to hold you, i want to eat pizza, and i want to choke you." . 
"5 brewers you might not know now, but will very soon beer . . 
"you want this bowl? there's also some fried fish on the lord now how do i know you are idiots i have pneumonia do you are" 
"curried cauliflower pizza . . 
"support every child's right to a good night's sleep: a pajama walk with pizza. . 
"user everytime i see her in that scene with the pizza it drives me nuts. fold that s!user damn it lol" 
"rt user if i lick it, it's mine! beer cats . 
"self care is gently singing user songs to supermarket cheese. i cant help but be ruled by inconsistency . 
"rt user i'm 21 and i burnt my grilled cheese i made for lunch today . 
"rt user absolutely thrilled to announce that we now have our very own beer! catnip, in partnership with our friends at " 
"when the freaking boyyyyyyyyyys drink one (1) beer each sprots aroid gotclout friends liveitup seniors . 
"rt user today 12pm-10pm @ world beer festival (409 blackwell st, 27701) user 
"from 12pm-10pm user is @ world beer fest / 409 blackwell st, 27701 . 
"user they even have a beer garden now apparently. but this year i'm coincidentally out of town both weekends. :/" 
"user user dont forget user birthday beer crawl in plaza midwood! user user . 
"drinking a gang of blades by user @ bowles drive parking lot -s11 . 
"rt user chicken friggin tenders . 
"rt user police really be risking their lives everyday. absolutely incredible job getting this monster off the streets . 
"cheers to national dessert day! join us for dinner tonight &amp; enjoy a sweet treat created by our pastry chef jamie!" 
"turkey cheese and mayo is the holy trinity of sandwiches" 
"pumpkin cake, apple caramel pumpkin seed user pumpkin donuts @ vortex doughnuts . 
"new trending gif tagged beer, drink, drunk, drinking, weekend, bunny, rabbit, saturday, liquor via giphy . 
"rt user pizza culture technology" 
"in the tennessee mountains. local pizza joint gives 15% off if you wear your gun into the restaurant. yeahhhh not in mood for pizza anymore" 
"this shit is so fucking trash . 
"rt user how did i miss this - tanner muse with the fucking beer chug celly . 
"speaking of breaking bread, im tryna take my ol lady to user tonight and i just hope the catfish sliders i . 
"bible. psalms 127:2 [2]it is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, to eat the bread of sorrows: for so he . 
"it's in support of the 2nd amendment and "our new government" . 
"yes user helped us set up raleighs first food truck rodeo w 9 trucks!! . 
"rt user user psa 41:9 yea, mine own familiar friend, in whom i trusted, which did eat of my bread, hath lifted up " 
"rt user if you listen to james brown you can connect with the soul of your great grandfather. true shit. yo grandma fried fish to thi" 
"some cheese eggs would hit" 
"it's our user saturday! come and get your bulkogikbbq and pair it with their award winning beer on this b . 
"rt user nu'est w talk about their preferences ah, these cuties q: beer or soju? : i don't drink, though?? . 
"rt user hawaiian bread is like the best bread out there tho fr" 
"user respect. get that bread b" 
"rt user pizza is trash. philly sandwiches are trash. all sandwiches are trash." 
"q: "baby, what do you want to eat after your football practice?" a: "sweet tea, bacon, &amp; cornbread." thingssouthernmamasask" 
"cannoli cake anyone? available at sweet cheeks bakery! phone at 919-303-9305 . bakery apex . 
""i'm drinkin beer, n eatin tush my darlin left me for an octopus he has eight legs i have one tooth i sure do miss . 
"burnpile - drinking an autumnal dichotomous (2016) by user at user . 
"rt user oj simpson: "wow... i can't believe they let me off the hook!! this is unbelievable. i totally worked the system" unc:" 
"user my mom and stepdad go to the one on 51 all the time! chicken fried steaks!" 
"2nd annual clt s'macdown mac-n-cheese competition &amp; craft beer tasting all u can sample! tix . 
"first ward fall festival october 13-14: sip craft beer and enjoy food trucks and family games . 
"i just earned the 'cheers to you! (level 5)' badge on user . 
"young dunkin donuts iced coffee . 
"alright state let's go! already had one disappointment with no beer towers at bar." 
"rt user making cakes using 3d printing technology. . 
"rt user are you mad cuz financial aid playing with your refund check? or fried chicken friday just got you lit this morning " 
"919flashback - you never sausage a dip! . 919raleigh" 
"rt user user user i think putting fries on ketchup ruins ketchup" 
"al riggs coffee review episode 18: dunkin donuts chocolate donut flavored coffee is ok and not the best b- buy hek . 
"rt user 100 beer bottle caps mixed lot $12 recycle upcycle craft bottlecaps beercaps beerbottlecaps " 
"attending the user at dbap today? stop by and say hi.. look at our beer lineup w/a new user be . 
"user panther cheerleaders and free beer too.. suck it. um wow good game" 
"raleigh .. mall &amp; cheese cake factory ?" 
"user user anybody hungrey for pizza ???" 
"yall i was so lit lastnight.. my best friend opened a soda bottle, &amp; i said "bless you" with confidence " 
"rt user love comin' at ya. remember: waffles, eggs, bacon and biscuits (can't go wrong). . 
"crispppp n smooth - drinking the hart by user at user . 
"yeah so this one is crazy - a blonde breakfast milk stout - messes with your... (half-calf) . photo" 
"disgusting. . 
"world beer fest! - drinking a ka-bar brown ale by user at user . photo" 
"i have a request for some new cookies if thats the case!" 
"best weaver street combo: young boy with a pile of shredded cheese &amp; pile of raisins- in each pile rests an unpeeled egg." 
"i just ordered pizza for the first time since moving from brooklyn to charlotte. i don't expect my follow up tweets to be in good spirits." 
"precious cargo. when youre a beer geek, you end up bringing beer to a friends move, too. . 
"sausage biscuits always the move " 
"user user user way to go! what's the most interesting beer you've tried recently?" 
"rt user the science of beer...at utsa. tooinfectious user . 
"rt user cookie dough dip and cookies . 
"rt user cfa: any sauce with your nuggets?" g: no just uh ketchup and polyester sauce." cfa: ".......... certainly!"" 
"user why didn't we think of that...must be the beer" 
"grand opening today... user buy $10 of bread &amp; receive $3 off all week long! plaza fiesta, 2111 asheville . 
"beer &amp; mimosas for breakfast today lordfairsquad" 
"donuts good af no matter what kind . 
"only came for the beer. go patriots @ the unknown brewing company . 
"just witnessed a small child in a pizza joint with a unicorn horn on. talk about servinglooks" 
""[t]hey often favour songs that are associated with influential times, places and people." or beer . 
"happy birthday kaitlin hope seventeens full of pizza, good music, and beach trips :) love ya long time . 
"still time to get your tickets for the tour today. it leaves 2:45 pm from flight. purchase here . 
"rt user pussy smell like vienna sausage juice" 
"rt user attending the user at dbap today? stop by and say hi.. look at our beer lineup w/a new user be " 
"rt user lmk if you tryna fall in love so we can carve pumpkins watch movies go to a corn maze go ice skating " 
"rt user i need a large pizza to deal with this awards show. amas" 
"rt user more maple bacon please. bepositivein4words" 
"bisonte pizza on yelp: first time last night. bourbon wings, italian sandwich, and greek salad were all very very . 
"out here! come say hi and check out all the awesome breweries . 
"rt user lmfao cause he eating sausage . 
"angelica pickles (rugrats) rice krispy treat pops cake pops cookies 3tier cake 6in, 8in, 10in" 
"sipping beer in vip lounge . 
"user btw cam johnson looks smoother than a cold beer on an august moon " 
"i love cookies so much its a problem" 
"user user there's a beer &amp; pool stick in the background of this photo so i'm just going to assume the . 
"bitch you brokeeee shut up dont talk to me get your bread up" 
"fans keep tossing pizza on breaking bad house . 
"come join us tonight as we tap a big bourbon barrel aged barleywine. @ the beer growler . 
"nice citrus aroma and flavor! - drinking a what what by user at user . 
"user user user user 4 more hours on the pork. 30 minutes on the sausage." 
"$7 nachos, $3.50 user ipa. all day every (sat&amp;sun)day. user @ world of beer . 
"user that's how stalin started. first gregg's then percy ingles and sent all the sausage rolls of to a gu . 
"this is what you could have on your weekends user . 
"draft beer list for today and the taps have increased by 2.... thats right we now have 12 beers . 
"today wouldve been my pop pops 100th birthday. obviously, the only way to celebrate the sprecher way is to drink . 
"rt user user user them's fighting words!! (and god forbid, don't pick on bacon either)!! . 
"celebrate with our signature homemade chocolate cake. . 
"rt user who got cake thread drop your cakes . 
"rt user hines field ...better ketchup. . 
"i suspect whole foods hot bar bacon is what elizabeth barrett browning was thinking of when she wrote sonnet 43. " 
"big n boozy - drinking a cuvee de tomme by user at user . 
"rt user everyone this year is all about working out/getting in shape. meanwhile im just sat here eating pizza with spaghetti an" 
"there are many people of color who love craft beer, but craft beer industry is one of the whitest and race exclusive industries in the u.s." 
"rt user bake with me! pumpkin spice cookies (fall haul, halloween festivities &amp; more) . 
"user i think the majority of sheetz locations have this. even in my practically puritan town (in north caroli . 
"rt user watch this louisiana family, if only for the clueless disparagement of people on welfare. (hint: the whole family i " 
"user today i ate something amazing. buttery biscuit, maple sausage, perfectly-fried egg, caramelized oni . 
"and craft beer culture is not "casual" to those whom don't usually fit it, often people/women of color, femmes, poor folk, etc." 
"rt user user we've got vegan cheese! howdoyoublaze" 
"user absolutely. "go on, guys, you can go further left than that! here, we'll hold your beer, give it a shot!"" 
"i'm at randy's pizza in durham, nc . 
"wanna have a pizza party but the man drunk on writing" 
"rt user garlic cheese-stuffed pretzel bombs. . 
"i don't think pub groups are wrong. when beer culture theology takes up so much space in the "progressive xtian sphere" it can be isolating." 
"beer battered string bean fries [vegan] . via user 
"rt user amen and amen again! . 
"rt user will i ever learn to avoid gas station pizza? absolutely not." 
"i'll beat ya ass you slander mac &amp; cheese" 
"have enjoyed user , user , user , user and user so far at durham world beer fest" 
"pizza ???? smh . 
"ill pray for you . 
"rt user yes, pizza . 
"football beer weed food" 
"niggs slandering pizza how unamerican . 
"the first donuts that stephen &amp; i have found that beat our fav nc donut spot we ordered 1/2 a . 
"we made it to halong bay. in 6 days. fuck. i think me and user deserve a beer" 
"we have belgian beer for the adults and bounce houses for the kids! hugo the hornet will even be stopping by. happy . 
"looking for nc beer &amp; wine at the fair? here's how to find us! pls share publichousenc ncstatefair ncbeer . 
"rt user grab your friends &amp; come to the la kings beer fest before tonight's game! includes game ticket, koozie &amp; 2 beers. " 
"user i thought young cookies would be good...but young pizza pizza takes the cake, respectfully. " 
"burnpile - drinking a rhubarb gose by user at user . 
"user dad ordered no cheese on a plain hamburger, but got cheese. why?" 
"yall dont understand how much im craving lidos pizza and a diet coke" 
"rt user the world's largest pizza was about 2.5 times as big as a basketball court. . 
"ordered chicken tenders and they brought it with complimentary gravy. texas, what??" 
"my expectations were met. the pizza sucks." 
"i hope we stay thick as thieves. butter and bread. pillars on colonial homes." 
"rt user we have belgian beer for the adults and bounce houses for the kids! hugo the hornet will even be stopping by. happy " 
"the soda fountain where i work at is out of o2 and i tried it and it was so bad i'm just blargh" 
"cheese sticks so damn good bruh" 
"rt user wake up early in the morning &amp; eat that pussy like cold pizza . 
"oktoberfest is here! come get some beer specials and support the jaycees @ the official second . 
"wine, cheese, and chocolate event. right now until 6pm. cheesecake with chocolate balsamic while it lasts . 
"rt user big rob got the chicken parmesan wrap in lee's summit: chicken parm, swiss, provolone, toast, bacon, egg, sriracha " 
"my mac &amp; cheese user user user . 
"when you're delivering pizza and you spot a white squirrel . 
"rt user user user we're good, me too! but...ummm....got any homemade cookies?" 
"contact - all about beer: . 
"user user i'll have you both know that i have finished a large fry and a bacon double cheeseburger alone on multiple occasions" 
"rt user right now i am drinking this local craftbeer at a pub in northernireland. what is your favorite local beer? " 
"rt user your man got cakes. i hope you're clapping em. . 
"user kevin bacon" 
"user my houseguest beer will be one that looks like one type of beer but is easily mistaken for another. . 
"rt user corny af rt user pizza too damn good i lost my mind !!! the kicked me out because insaid their pizza is good htt" 
"user user im 21 and just as picky as ive ever been when it comes to food. i get weird looks as a . 
"i am daydreaming of the ham-and-cheese sliders and bacon-wrapped smoked sausages that my roommate made last night " 
"rt user you had a nigga named muhammad making bacon sandwiches? that shit must me torch! . 
"hello i need w88t let's cmoce it then buy 50 bread and swing @ the park lmk :0)" 
"new uniforms thank you pizza hut!!! . 
"ever try fried pizza at the user heres how its made! . 
"omg. we have a major gun problem in usa that congress refuses to address &amp; a moroninchief eager to launch nuclear . 
"hub city brew fest is in full swing! only in spartanburg do you get your beer blessed before a . 
"whoas - drinking the crescent ship by user at user . 
"rt user how about calling it kid scouts, go camping, tie knots, sell cookies, and everyone just shut up. . 
"rt user you're like 10 minutes away from me!!!! countmein dinnerdate . 
"enjoying some delicious bloody mary's! the secret? user barney flats oatmeal stout &amp; eat beer hot sauce. avbc . 
"rt user new uniforms thank you pizza hut!!! . 
"lunch!! josephspitabread flatbread pizza!!! made with user pizza sauce, incurred . 
"rt user a slow cooker keeps this baked pimento cheese dip recipe warm from the first quarter to the last. user " 
"rt user enjoying some delicious bloody mary's! the secret? user barney flats oatmeal stout &amp; eat beer hot sauce. avbc " 
"some of last nights damage! cantillon beer . 
"rt user glad i spent 20 minutes in the supermarket paralysed by choice only to buy the same disgusting frozen pizza i buy ever" 
"baking soda: the most powerful ingredient that you can use to heal any health problem! . 
"rt user i love randys donuts in la fatboygang . 
"rt user pimento cheese and pork skins...they must be stopped. cc...user . 
"rt user oktoberfest featuring user is this saturday from 1-7! great beer, great contests, great prizes! dont miss i " 
"well balanced beer. just a hint of heat well balanced by the hop character.... (jalapeo ipa) . 
"bacon queso... yes please! baddaddysburgerbar lunchdate foodporn @ bad daddy's burger bar . 
"i'm 'i'd rather have a shower coffee than a shower beer' years old." 
"user though lately at work i've been making mug cakes and marathoning agents of shield." 
"bitch how about the pizza man never showed up with my pizza &amp; wings . 
"they cheese curds be love " 
"them cheese curds be love " 
"harper's music &amp; treat stand was a success, thanks to the bar cookies we baker from user . 
"also i forgot to share this bun i got at the pastry place; the small asian lady said they are hip rn &amp; it was very . 
"user yaaasss!! ill start baking cookies now and work on my h8rade recipe (alcoholic, of course)." 
"why am i craving grilled cheese" 
"average at best... - drinking a hula girl by user at user . 
"stop by today for a tour and a user or nodabrewing beer on us! we are open until 5pm . 
"finding the saving grace in krispy kreme coffee and donuts with user . pretty much sitting around this morning . 
"user guess they need go back and learn some english and eat some bacon u seriously need to move to american" 
"brunch beer - drinking a wrought iron cream stout by user - . photo" 
"anyone like beer? @ yard house . 
"my love for pizza is thicc" 
"observation from this morning: you really see the worst in people when there's an hour-long wait for wood-fired pizza at a pumpkin patch." 
"taste like banana runts. not a bad thing - drinking a wells banana bread beer at user - . 
"fall activities! oh, and beer!!! oktoberfest sugarmountain bannerelk wnc fall autumn beer . 
"every sunday all draft beer $7 or less is $3.50. bring your lunch/dinner and come join us for cheap craft beer . 
"user waited an hour and 20 mins and paid $22 for one large and very cold pizza! not a happy customer!" 
"user ppl have been fired by an employer for a picture of a girl drinking a beer on fb. we lose anonymity, i . 
"rt user i shoulda went to the parties . 
"blt. minus the l and t our cheshire smokehouse bacon is great by itself or with . madeinnc . 
"user is it debbie because has called me debra? it bc you like debbie cakes??" 
"enjoy our delicious deep dish pizza deal! bigcheesepizza bigcheesebigdeals . 
"beer is calling my name" 
"user look at all the bread loaves! . 
"agreed . 
"rt user my very unpopular food opinion is i prefer stove top mac &amp; cheese over baked " 
"wow rt user my very unpopular food opinion is i prefer stove top mac &amp; cheese over baked " 
"gonna get some strawberry soda and drink it out a wine glass" 
"user user "made to order" donuts are better than krispy kreme! . 
"user thank you. beautiful here today. hope it's the same for you. at phoenix bakery in pittsboro this mor . 
"user i don't know. could use a bit more bacon in my opinion." 
"on top of having amazing jamaician patties i just had the best macaroni &amp; cheese i have ever tasted! ever! user in garner/raleigh" 
"fsu: we started 1-3 and struggled vs wake forest clemson: hold my beer" 
"dont use the microwave use the oven instead lets be healthy fuck bread . 
"9 naan pizza recipes that are as easy as pie . . 
"i could go for some wendys chicken nuggets and some mcdonalds cookies rn" 
"user user and im a damn carpenter pffft bologna and cheese" 
"i came to the bar to drink a beer with nick and he pulls out a sheet of acid in front of the bartender and just rips me off three doses" 
"i need beer" 
"2k18, weed and vegan pizza " 
"user nothing like a beer gut and yolked arms?" 
"rt user oklahoma losing to isu, clemson hold my beer." 
"rt user its the weekend baby. youknow what that means. its time to drink precisely one beer and call 911" 
"i just earned the 'pale as the moon (level 28)' badge on user . 
"user i adore the first one, just saying its cheesy too (good cheese so i guess point taken)" 
"rt user the original craft beer drinker has logged the hell on . 
"user im gonna need more beer then" 
"policeman fired after commenting on facebook that jihad terrorists should be wrapped in bacon . 
"rt user this is so selfish. when will these idiots stop inconveniencing workers like this. you dumbass they kicked you out " 
"drinking a ties that bind by user @ local cantina . 
"user user user amazing beer! thanks jack for starting the craftbeer revolution!" 
"user user i have beer but no pizza" 
"all i want right now is pumpkin cookies and layne." 
"finally. ..happy friday! - drinking a paranormal hoptivity by user - . 
"rt user finally. ..happy friday! - drinking a paranormal hoptivity by user - . 
"rt user i hate when people don't eat their pizza crust????? like???? that's the best part????" 
"ipa of the day. 64 ibu 8.2% abv. beer . 
"user they dont sell beer at mcdonalds" 
"rt user user looks like another show that will be dropping viewers then dropped!! idiot doesnt know which side " 
"chicken and cheese! . 
"i wish dogs could drink beer. i would totally get litty with riley" 
"user interesting story. my dad gave his dog beer and he was okay " 
"rt user me: everything i've done is a mistake and i should die also me: haha the drug man threw the pizza on the roof" 
"rt user cake mix cookies 9 ways . 
"user user best beer on planet earth my friend." 
"review: snowflakes, iced cakes and second chances by sue watson user user . via user 
"user im rigging our christmas gift exchange again this year so i can get you this. . 
"rt user chocolate cake. . 
"of course everyone bails on plans after i buy beer smh" 
"user user g'nite save some pizza for me." 
"rt user i bet neil armstrong was pretty bummed to discover the moon wasn't made of cheese." 
"i'm at king's pizza in orlando, fl . 
"rt user your past president user is embracing her "retired old lady" status and baking some fresh smores cookies for t " 
"rt user bet he won't try it yet at a carry out. . 
"rt user it's a chicken fried steak omelet. . 
"rt user from blue cheese to dirt, how beautiful bacteria can be . . 
"rt user in weatherford, ok sharing a beer and reminiscing with my long time fiend 'mean gene' okerlund. grateful" 
"user has chicken tenders and all we want are spicy nuggets back" 
"buying the entire syracuse campus a beer! stay classy, clemson! clemvscuse . 
"thinking ordering a pizza " 
"user damn that spicy italian sausage make a gir's knees give out lmfaoo we stupid brah haha" 
"user haha i just figured you were tweeting that from inside a literal beer shower" 
"i love when i smear my ketchup all over my friessssss. the satisfaction i get when i see it all over " 
"rt user look up ab say cheese . 
"user i'm sure there was some beer holding as well?" 
"rt user great combination . 
"rt user this or lightskinned cake would be perfect right now. . 
"rt user don't miss beer from fat head's brewery and our signature painkiller drink from porco lounge &amp; tiki room plus more. " 
"hey user pizza hut is advertising how great their delivery bags are. their drivers must be slow. howdesperatearethey driverlife" 
"user try ordering fries and asking for ketchup. they act like it comes out of their check " 
"burgers 2 beer was on point tonight" 
"when ya dad comes home with da cheese cake. . 
"rt user fun times user for the user bestofcle party. maple bacon donuts to end a great night! . 
"it me . 
"this the only one that make sense . canes nasty asf to me they bread good tho . 
"user yes!! there is never too much cheese." 
"rt user i just want to carve a god damned pumpkin and bake some fucking halloween sugar cookies with someone is that too much to" 
"i love playing 7 degrees of kevin bacon on friday the 13th. get from kb to jason in 7 degrees or less. kb was in friday the 13th with jason." 
"user when you want pizza but your mom won't let you buy some" 
"stg i better get this pizza or else" 
"rt user halloween themed reeses pieces chewy chocolate cookies - stingy, thrifty, broke . via user 
"no they kicked you out because youre an ignorant pos. yall mothers must be really proud. . 
"van 1: pizza and beers in danville after crushing their first legs. . 
"user fry bacon misfitmischief mischiefafterdark . 
"rt user so random friday road trip to visit user that's what happens when you hang out with your beer geek friend" 
"omg, these blinkcincinnati cookies from user . 
"you would not believe the ugly scream that ripped through me when this happened. and i almost spilled my beer . 
"rt user sweet dreams are made of cheese. . 
"user what type of pizza" 
"rt user you are worth more than beer bottles displayed like drunken artifacts" 
"rt user god became flesh 2b man's eternal food rt eucharist bread of angels nature feeds on itself " 
"user what do you think of my pumpkin spice cake with cream cheese frosting . 
"user does it look like he needs another beer gotta save tj lol" 
"rt user interesting that they brewed a culmbacher. a style evryone seems to have forgotten about. . 
"user i like to eat cookies i believe. gato is cat" 
"i so wish the user tacos looked like they do on the commercials when you actually buy them. typically have abo . 
"rt user my hear goes out to everyone in ca experiencing the terrible sonomafires - help russian river and donate - " 
"rt user banana bread coffee cake banana bread coffee cake... oh my! . via user 
"user i'll bring cookies!" 
"what's better than going out on a friday? staying in, ordering a large pizza, and binge watching netflix til u fall into food coma heaven" 
"user yeah for halloween i will be a taco with little meat and cheese like you provide . 
"user user wedge wood is the best pizza" 
"*hannah points at beer can in yard* "are the garden fairies gonna get that?"" 
"rt user god is great, beer is good, and people are crazy." 
"brandon ordered pizza hut for me. i am blessed." 
"how twitter know i had this today? . 
"user hit me up sometime so we can drink a beer together" 
"fun times rock hall for the cleveland magazine bestofcle party. maple bacon donuts to end a great night! . 
"ohio brewed hazy jane, beautiful. - drinking a hazy jane by user - . photo" 
"coby's so lucky we're friends cause i'm spending the night making him his cookies " 
"uh,10/10 would smash again! it's got a little heat, a little swe... (voodoo ranger atomic pumpkin) . 
"columbus-vegas user flight has oreos and ritz crackers with cheese filling, which go great with jack and c . 
"user user real beer for real beer drinkers" 
"tavyn &amp; i have a couple moves, but are headed to bdubs w/ are beer &amp; bottle " 
"im making this . 
"rt user sprawled out in my underwear; working on my new website for your viewing pleasure escortlife ftmescort " 
"user how was that racist cakes? come on dude. i like your videos but i do not see how any of that was racist." 
"rt user columbus-vegas user flight has oreos and ritz crackers with cheese filling, which go great with jack and c " 
"y'all kill me acting like up until last year y'all ain consume your favorite cookies &amp; cereal with dairy milk " 
"i just ordered a cheese quesidilla, and they literally didnt give me cheese. just tortilla bread." 
"that moment when there's pizza in the kitchen... but you've already taken your pants off and are comfy in bed." 
"my first checkpoint, and i made it through with a beer in the cup holder and no id" 
"rt user user user i wouldn't eat a user pizza if they were all free. john is a despicable excuse for a human b " 
"monkey bread (without cinnamon &amp;amp; sugar) . . 
"meanwhile i get pulled over and searched for turning right at a green light . 
"rt user if these circus animal dream bars don't bring out the kid in you, i don't know what will! . " 
"freeessshhhh.... user - drinking a hazy jane by user @ brewdog . photo" 
"rt user user bacon sucks" 
"user i made bread pudding yesterday, family fave....u guys eat that over there?" 
"rt user how cool is that? we can do everything for a beer... . 
"if he cant break bread he a fake, i had one more buck on my plate, it was me and bro and we was in the store both us got a 50 cent cake " 
"user i despise bacon unless it's burned! so difficult to order at a restaurant..." 
"if u fell asleep drunk n high n woke up drunk then start drinking again you may have some deep seeded emotional issues ... or u like beer" 
"rt user you bitches look dumb as fuck commenting "recipe please!!! " under a pic of cheese pizza" 
"dunkin' donuts has the worst coffee ever" 
"dads, sons &amp; donuts! check out . where you can view, download, . 
"double chocolate cake for breakfast bc i'm worth it yupppp" 
"rt user these smart bears broke into a pizza place and the owner had the best reaction pizzafriday . 
"user best pizza in youngstown is avalon" 
"update: the donuts got through security. they are pete's "personal item"" 
"rt user let's celebrate worldeggday with these caesar "salad" deviled eggs! . sponsored recipe " 
"join us dec 1st &amp; 2nd for a weekend of good food and great craftbeer! . user . 
"rt user get your weekend baking started with this sensational chocolate sour cream pound cake dessert recipeoftheday " 
"time to make the donuts time to make the donuts" 
"rt user when youre deciding which beer to buy, then look at your bank account. . 
"happy sauerkraut festival weekend!! cant wait to be there tomorrow and eat some sauerkraut pizza!! waynesville hometown" 
"user your pizza when it was 25 cents per wing&gt;&gt;&gt;" 
"pitsburg pizza and grill? . 
"bacon encrusted turkey breast. i weep for people unable to experience this." 
"user user user he thought it was donuts &amp; milk time!" 
"rt user theaddamsfamily to become animated film based on the original cartoons . . 
"puff pastry apple blossoms - looks amazing!! . 
"rittman police and fire were bringing home the bacon on this call. . 
"institution of the lord's supper 22 and as they were eating, he took bread, and after blessing it broke it and ga . 
"rt user i also got a piece of pizza . 
"shea butter deodorant w/arrowroot &amp; baking soda, all natural @ tea, herb &amp; milk soaps--&gt; . . 
"genma, why you gotta post a red velvet donuts vid on your yt channel :((" 
"user user user hitler would be proud. his beer hall putsch concept works flawlessly in canada." 
"rt user sample sale!! i have 2 of these cheeky pizza slice samples up for sale 15 plus postage. dm me for deets pizza ht" 
"rt user user wowexceptional texas beeruser user user user user " 
"real friends give you ketchup when you forgot to grab extra packets" 
"poor baby, get a life.user . 
"is halloween sugar cookies acceptable for breakfast? asking for a friend.. " 
"user your song, drink a beer by user is playing in a few mins on k99.1fm! listen @ . 
"i'm at dunkin donuts in springfield, oh . 
"the bacon sandwich . 
"i had a dream that obama was speaking at an event i was at and he came in with a mustache and shook hands down the . 
"rt user a delicious avocado banana bread recipe courtesy of the watertable . via user 
"rt user i need beer" 
"rt user to everyone playing in the beer pong tournament tomorrow it is $10 a team and all money will go to my moms benefit!!!" 
"rt user user he does not care about people-who has been hurt or who will die! he cares about who butters his br " 
""you got champagne taste on a beer budget" -words of my dad on our way to a show this morning" 
"eggs bacon 80s music saturdaykitchen . 
"user my family has stopped buying kraft mac &amp; cheese bc it tastes awful. the cheese doesnt cover the noodles. yuck " 
"rt user stack the cheese for 4 months thats a real run!" 
"yall can keep em bring back spicy nuggets! . 
"rt user baked some whole wheat chocolate chip zucchini bread for my little one! all natural . 
"happy saturday! come by for cupcakes, scones, biscuits, rolls and cookies. we're here for . 
"rt user you got this! . 
"i delivered pizza like 3 miles from where this happen about 2 hours before it happen . 
"user he's a missed man truly! i'll drink a beer for him that's for sure" 
"probably should've gone with the white away jersey... . 
"get crafty with donuts! check out these fun donut crafts and projects . 
"just got done working 24 of the last 32 hours and i think this 1 beer is going to put me into a coma." 
"thanks, pat moellers, for your excellent review on google user . 
" demarcus97: oiled up cakes well done . 
"the all-you-can-eat pancake breakfast and the 5k starts at 9:00am! come join us! . 
"sausage &amp; pancakes for breakfast !! come and get it !! happysaturday . 
"rt user pedogatenews csa childrape stolen: the true life story of a 13 yr-old childtrafficking survivor . 
"wait, i was wrong. he didn't die but used a ketchup trick." 
"user i love the fried okra! i had that last night, along with the chicken tenderloins." 
"wounded fingers beer soap for irritated skin, dryness, softens, moisturize, antibacterial--&gt; . . 
"user exactly! girl power!!!! also, cookies beat popcorn any day!" 
"gotta say i was real confused as to how taylor had rep biscuits and then i realized they're cookies. makes a lot more sense." 
"user right?! i had eggs and bacon. a big football brekkie is the best" 
"i cant cook bacon to save my life but eggs and toast r good" 
"user user user lets all have a beer/morning bourbon." 
"7. the teenagers who will ask for a water cup and then proceed to fill it with orange soda and walk away like their cup isnt clear ????" 
"9. the white trash family that orders $30 worth of food and stays there all day being loud and ordering 10 hash browns during dinner" 
"i said this a while back that more women dont care about guys being friends anymore. it used to be taboo but not an . 
"only thing on my mind this morning is pussy and donuts " 
"rt user this was literally the best episode of hannah montana ever . 
"tonight at barley hopsters terrapin beer co. will be here to teach you a thing or two about what they do and... . 
"bake pumpkin bread, create apple butter, &amp; then incorporate both into a breakfast sandwich: . . 
"trying to remember last night... this was... (haze you guys (cleveland east collaboration)) . photo" 
"i wish this worked in okc.... but apparently oklahoma doesnt know about timmys.... . 
"rt user if they would put a dunkin donuts in where the old dq was i would never complain about living in canal fulton ever again" 
"user thanks for the pic, takes me back to my very first trip to maine beer company this summer, it will not . 
"rt user is there anyone that can donate 50 packs of chicken and 20 cases of soda to our feeding event??? (951)224-9438" 
"i was already in not so great shape, this is where i died.... (deth's tar (2016)) . photo" 
"rt user using the akron craft beer festival to do a little user prep yeah...the view from user stage isnt inti " 
"best sausage sandwiches in the world are made there!! . 
"you too grown my guy . 
"user did he ask if you wanted to go to chuck e. cheese orrrrr? " 
"user i've been flip flopping on what to do since last night. making cookies right now. leaning toward get . 
"i should not be up nor should i be craving a beer this early." 
"saturday (10/14): fired up mobile - one of the best wood-fired pizza in the area!" 
"rt user sprucey. - drinking a speed merchant by user - . photo" 
"rt user a balanced diet includes a beer in each hand" 
"papa johns and little caesars: offer vegan cheese pizza! - sign the petition! . via user 
"rt user 21 of the worlds most amazing same-sex wedding cakes . weddingcake . 
"rt user italian sausage sliders sandwiches - . 
"user well...if ya go the one way then you could get a nice cold beer between some thick, steamy butt cheeks! " 
"gluten free blueberry banana bread . . 
"something new is hits shelves thursday! what could it be? buskenbakery halloween cookies . 
"tim is at heini's cheese chalet this saturday 10-4 so you can getyourmustardon . 
"for almost 9 hours, all i will have to eat is a tiny personal pizza and a single granola bar. gocards" 
"came in the house making breakfast now i have pancake mix on white scrubs, great thinking juice" 
"mmm... donuts...*drool* . 
"i'm in desperate need of a jimmy jaw breaker and cheese on a stick oh and deep fried buckeyes and veggies " 
"user i love all of the pasta, pizza, cannoli options in cleveland's little italy. will be checking out san diego . 
"made it to texas and cracked a beer all before sunrise. " 
"nothing like a morning jog to digest the pizza i had last night." 
"user i don't eat cookies, yet i have 3 cases of cookie dough in my freezer right now???!!!!" 
"thanksgiving holiday food safe silicone mold chocolate thanksgiving cakedecorating turkey diy ebay . via user 
"stay hydrated! your body needs water, not soda to be healthy! makethechange . 
"someone bring me iced coffee and a sausage mcmuffin please" 
"user go to dunkin donuts and order double double. get it every time. 8 creams and 8 sugars." 
"rt user lawyer ty cobb: "nobody in the white house would be this stupid" trump: "hold my beer"" 
"smoky chorizo and wild boar rustica pizza along with lamb meatballs al forno in canarywharf . 
"naw but for real somebody bring me some grits and 2 pieces of bacon" 
"rt user just imagine how great life would be if pizza made u skinny" 
"chillicothe paints craft beer festival 10/14/17. craft beers from the portsmouth brewing co! plenty of food and fun . 
"rt user lunchtime; bacon &amp; brie toasty.. . 
"rt user 4 info 2 help hurricane victims . cheese crackers . mde w/ " 
"i'll tell you what, syracuse's win was huge last night man, they should change their name to the syracuse orange cr . 
"rt user 2016: "youtube is the best platform for supporting content creators." 2017: youtube .........."hold my beer" . 
"good morning!! today's specials: black squirrel nutty waffle with a side of sausage for $9.99, tuna salad on a... . 
"things that make me cry thinking about how much i love em: newt, nate,dogs,friends,harry potter, twilight,blue cheese,showering, margaritas" 
"put-in-bay's oktoberfest starts today! oct. 14-15, german food, beer &amp; music in derivera park. . familyfun ohio" 
"user strawberry cream cheese on a ritz cracker is the best!" 
"rt user yall can keep em bring back spicy nuggets! . 
"rt user the unique pizza tap house in murrieta is the place 2 watch all of the college football action! enjoy r food &amp; drin " 
"rt user did you know you can relax your hair with baking soda?! in this video, im gonna show you exactly how to... . 
"user i mean what time do they start selling beer..? asking for a friend." 
"user root beer" 
"where did you cook this gordon, your neighbors cat barn? 3/10 . 
"best dream ever i was in new orleans having some bomb sea food seasoned crawfish crab sausage all of it!" 
"user user momma went to holmes county amish country yesterday and brought me back cheese " 
"rt user well you're wrong. . 
"rt user "rise pies is the best pizza in youngstow-" . 
"today we release our new beer ice dragon, a west side collaboration for cleveland beer week . 
"rt user guess i'll skip my sausage biscuit this morning. i'm having breakfast at work. . 
"low carb cauli-pizza . . 
"rt user and where is user when you need him to drink all this fancy beer. . 
"pancakes, scrambled eggs &amp; sausage on the saturday breakfast menu at . 
" get off my snacks . 
"rt user user i don't eat cookies, yet i have 3 cases of cookie dough in my freezer right now???!!!!" 
"who is tailgating at the marshall homecoming game today? i come with beer and good food " 
"user the chicken alfredo bread bowl from dominos and a gatorade" 
"*jaelynn and nick talking about good at 9:24am* jae ill just go get cereal nick i may just order a pizza" 
"user bro mourinho annoyed me some scouser probably bribed him with a bacon butty" 
"its not even 10 am and i want pizza... like now." 
"rt user experience the pizza-making magic of chef liz valenti of wheat penny oven and bar in this hands-on class on oct 20t " 
"saturdays are for sausages! the fleet is headed to the ymca at (6767 refugee rd) from 12-5p &amp; the clintonville fal . 
"rt user new spinoff of pizza reviews for asseatinszn user . 
"cool! . 
"rt user maple leaf farm duck | bacon fat braised mushrooms | apple | wheatberry | chestnut mousse @ . 
"saturday's specials: philly steak sandwich with choice of fry - $5.95 (while they last!) $2.00 off any large pizza $1.00 off any sub" 
"peanut butter chocolate chip cookies is my favorite" 
"rt user if chickens exchanged goods and services for a fixed price it would be called chicken tenders have a great day" 
"craft beer elite be like gccbs cincybeer . 
"user i love hawaiian pizza!" 
"rt user this is so pure . 
"donuts for breakfast " 
"rt user if bread didnt exist i'd probably be at my ugw by now" 
"dunkin donuts actually has the shittiest coffee of all time....but imma keep drinkin it...n pry get another one later. " 
"hands down best part of ou is buying your $1 grilled cheese on your way home from the bars" 
"user we will be here til 4:30 so... if ya leave now you can catch 3 and a half movies. bring all your frien . 
"anyone else love cheese and cake but hate cheesecake / cream cheese??? people think im weird." 
"the north remembers beer soap-acne, oily skin, lines, eczema, psoriasis, dry/itchy skin @ . . 
"rt user starting to figure out i go to the bar for the beer and not the friendship." 
"user i like the mvr. they have good pizza." 
"last night was great, good times, great people, and great pizza to . 
"bob evans: what would you like? me: blueberry crepes, sausage links and banana butt bread. i hate myself" 
"did you know if you call it tailgating you can drink beer at seven in the morning?" 
"i accidentally ate a piece of pizza with bacon on it last night and i've been feelin shitty since i woke up" 
"rt user her last ig pic got 6,583 likes. she's eating pizza rolls for breakfast. ig is all make believe. getafamily" 
"brady chose busch light as his first beeri've never been more proud. they grow so fast. " 
"rt user i am going to spend my friday evening at the gym instead of on my couch drinking beer and i don't even know who i am anymore." 
"blue cheese in the rubber band " 
"user now thats a beer" 
"bacon. bacon. bacon!! coconut "bacon" that is... pumpkin donuts w maple cashew glaze w coconut . 
"dude that put his venmo handle for beer money on a sign on game day is the smartest person out there" 
"beer cheese dip recipe for your oktoberfest party! . via user 
"check out disney frosted pilsner beer glass sportscenter espn didney 22 oz disneyparks . via user 
"user user user enjoy your island time at user try june's german chocolate cake. yum! lakeerielove" 
"user today corsos head may or not be filled with dolly madison cakes due to a typographical error getupitsgameday" 
"foods like garlic, onion, fish, meat and cheese can cause bad breath. if you're concerned about your breath, try skipping these foods." 
"rt user normal people dream of tomorrow. i dream of bacon." 
"rt user corn maze date? can't we just split a 6 pack of fall beer and watch youtube videos like why do we gotta go get lost in fuc" 
"eating blueberry donuts while carving pumpkins kinda day" 
"rt user im a picky pizza eater. just cant eat any kind!" 
"mushroom swiss hamburgers with onion rings on the side. great flavors plated goodfood . 
"rt user never seen a tweet i can relate to more than this one . 
"cinnamon roll waffle for $6.25 breakfast bowl (eggs, meat, homefries, covered in cheese sauce) for $6.75 delicious" 
"user that one time you got those chocolate cakes from dominos " 
"rt user bad day to be a beer" 
"that being said, i'll hit ya up for your bday beer next week user . 
"how i feel about donuts . 
"happy birthday tatum have a good one, i miss u and ur fish + chips meals user . 
"international beer news daily is out! . today's stories via user craftbeer beer" 
"rt user tonight i quickly ate a slice of pizza in overalls outside of depeche mode happy hour. the bouncer brought me extra napk" 
"rt user user fiona have you gotten my emails? one of them includes a free pizza coupon for pizza hut it expires i " 
"user guessing he wants to address sloppy play. odd man rushes galore early. bob saved our bacon last night . 
"rt user get user handmade, small batch, beer-infused doughnuts before they sell out each day . https:/" 
"user lets get a beer bub" 
"enjoy fresh off the griddle or freeze for later! whip up this fall pancake recipe from user . spons" 
"happy national dessert day! nationaldessertday includes pies, tarts, ice cream, cookies, pastries, cobblers, donut . 
"benji better start hiding his cookies" 
"user nothing wrong with that but if it were a date with me i'd at least have bacon or tuna in the shells and cheese!" 
"chef kenny came through and made breakfast happen for us this morning! feels good to break bread . 
"it's bacon cheddar scone time kittiescakes germanvillage columbus bakery bringthebacon @ . 
"rt user howtrumpsolvesacrisis he consults horoscopes and fortune cookies" 
"when your boyfriend has surgery 4 days ago but still insists on making a bacon and eggs breakfast that he can't eat for you and the kid. " 
"but i get the same pregame meal for every game no matter what and i just don't have the appetite for bbq chicken &amp; mac n cheese at 9 am" 
"rt user louisville target stores will add beer, wine and liquor to their lineup. . . 
"gluten-free bread just in time for back to school! get a free little northern bakehouse loaf via user . 
"rt user lets end this like now now rt for brown bread like for white bread . 
"wheres the pizza review gonna be user and what time? onebite" 
"actually you were the man who had the jerky but . 
"rt user new story: roger bacon reaches deal with under armour! . 
"spending a lot of today debating on if i want to drive to oak harbor for fried cheese" 
"rt user would you rather jump into a pile of leaves or cookies? rt for , like for " 
"rogue shakespeare oatmeal stout on tap now. . user beermenus" 
"rt user my mission since 2010 has been to ask taylor swift what her favorite kind of cheese is, &amp; i will not rest until i can ask" 
"fat head's hop stalker ipa on tap now. . user beermenus" 
"fun run box review - i run on beer . via user user 
"rt user billy joel enjoying a beer 1974 . 
"aint no hype! the real deal. nice job ofbc! - drinking a hype juice @ old forge brewing company - . 
"rt user chicken bacon ranch fries . 
"due to time constraints, i was forced to eat string cheese much like one would chomp down on a carrot. needless to say, i now hate myself." 
"rt user grilled cheese get in my belly food foodporn foodie . 
"when do they start selling girl scout cookies " 
"rt user user user i don't know maybe. work with then on a compromise. they donate 15% to a charity or some " 
"beer and spirits for sale at the user ! find us here at 7th and hamilton until 7! . 
"feta cheese nutrition is powerful . 
"rt user what a crazy german#idiom!you need to check this!learngerman deutsch deutschlernen mfl langchat " 
"i talk with my hands so much that i spilled a beer on myself." 
"drinking a goose ipa by user @ the bridges golf club . 
"all we want are spicy nuggets back! not long nuggets!!! . 
"beer30 beverage30 - drinking a maxwell's scottish ale by user - . 
"all the way live... - drinking a citra hopped live pale ale by user at user . 
"just added oktoberfest by user to our menu . 
"friday night pizza ftw" 
"user where you goin? chuckie cheese?" 
"user pep and sausage" 
"i found the leaked script to the new addams family movie directed by the sausage party guy . 
"hoppy in the right ways... - drinking an 2x unfiltered ipa by user at user . 
""it's beer o'clock" thought the middle aged man who has a dorm fridge in the bathroom serving as his kitchen." 
"rt user my friend ordered an entree but said hold the bacon......i'll miss her" 
"rt user subscribe to our youtube page for live updates, or to listen to old shows: . podcast podernfamily " 
"pumpkin spice beer." 
"user boneshire indiecraftbeer freshhop ipa user s... (fresh hop) . photo" 
"why couldnt you jus eat the pizza and leave? shits stupid . 
"get $10 off wine, spirits and beer on your first user order. use code: mp043579 . 
"user u: usa user los altos, ca - butcher shop, deli, fresh sausage &amp; imported foods - samples to . 
"how come when i used to drink 10,000 calories worth of beer my dad told me i was trashy? . 
"have you tried any irish red ales? check out what our beer columnist had to say about one he drank recently.. . 
"wh grindley 6 in. bread plate set staffordshire ironstone england set of 7 grindley . via user 
"bacon: yesterday, today and forever. . 
"learn how to make caramel apple bread pudding with this recipe from user at . 
"deschutes black butte porter on tap now. . user onlyatapps beermenus" 
"user user "god is great, beer is good, and people are crazy"" 
"user throw a big juicy slab of pork on her tray topped with a pound of bacon and send her on her fkn wa . 
"rt user that's the osi i know . 
"rt user guess which beer is back....space face! an american style ipa brewed with galaxy hops. evergrainbrewing " 
"rt user im here for a good time not a long time. . 
"exit 16 dipa in a crowler--can't imagine a better beer to start your friday--manoa beverage is the place . 
"rt user these vegan cheese recipes taste like the real thing . 
"very clean... - drinking a why the helles not? by user at user . 
"new beer's at the farm house restaurant!!!" 
"i can't wait for my night of rom coms and pizza" 
"rt user just added nvp (nitro series) by breckbrew to our menu . 
"rt user user user user - i appreciate fut is the bread-winner and most important, but you've got 49,000 really angr" 
"user user tyglass in paws from his favorite trail.been ruined by people breakin beer bottles.cant go anymore.goin 4 6 years" 
"rt user nfl: we get first place for being the most unliked organization this month boy scouts: hold my beer" 
"apparently anyone can be a king nowdays... - drinking a pumking by user at user . 
"lovin' the eagles! weekends are for chillin' with pvt wings and craft beer! so many delicious options. eagles . 
"user haha i wouldn't even be mad. those donuts are delicious!" 
"rt user user who the heck wastes fried chicken throwing it at someone? that's as bad as the college students getting " 
"user yeah. can you bring beer or whiskey. thanks " 
"find out all the rutter's locations that have beer caves here! . . 
"rt user additional pizza. . 
"it sands down the rough edges a good bit... - drinking a cold press coffee pumking at user - . 
"rt user clothes. treat yo self. fragrances. treat yo self. boulevard beer. treat. yo. self. treatyoselfday . 
"user user that's crazy! was that your first time trying that pizza?" 
"surveillance cameras capture knifepoint robbery at dunkin' donuts . . 
"user went from least favorite to most. esp smoked on the grill w/mesquite served with goat cheese and a fine balsamic vinegar" 
"user pepperoni and sausage, from a local italian family. they take every summer off and close the shop t . 
"just a few of our many helpers today.. thanks to everyone who helped out! remember, donuts will still be sold tonig . 
"sweet corn, bread, puddin, vanilla, let's get it today at livemixing 530pm est right here on yt. diyejuice . 
"id like to make a toast. *pulls out loaf of bread and toaster appliance, fumbling as a try to remove the twist tie*" 
"user indiecraftbeer azaccalyse ipa - drinking an azaccalypse at user - . photo" 
"me: what kind of problems are you having why are you in the er today patient: i don't like soda" 
"user user stop selling beer at sporting events" 
"i love user chicken alfredo bread bowl... i just wish they made it bigger" 
"easy drinking and fantastic maybe better than th... (fat tire special release belgian style white) . 
"i just want to play the arcade version of bubble bobble with beer is that so much to ask?" 
"rt user when they order pizza but it's not dominos . 
"just tapped: pizza boy - brewery pilsner / german pilsner / 4.60 %abv user craftbeer" 
"new post: chocolate tombstone snack cakes they're to die for! recipe: . . 
"you take that back! . 
"rt user user all you know is your wife's ketchup company. go away herman munster" 
"why does wheat bread smell better toasted than white bread??" 
"our department director is conducting an interview while drinking a beer" 
"user honey on pizza? wtf is wrong with you" 
"rt user fca meeting on monday, oct. 16 user come to the football field for some milk &amp; cookies, a fun game, and a surprise guest s" 
"rt user guilt free pizza recipe check it out here . . 
"young beer. got it. . 
"rt user day 13: pumpkin spice pumpkin cookies . 
"could have abs buttttt pumpkin beer &amp; halloween candy are priorities rn balance" 
"rt user check out today's new vid! **buying a $1000 pizza** . rt ? :) . 
"tart tart tart... not much else. but who cares it's a sour... right? - drinking a sour opal - . photo" 
"fantastic - drinking a freemang by user - . photo" 
"user user i see cheese all over it. you just got weird toppings you freak" 
"rt user the pork slider with bacon, cheddar and bbq is delish! the frogtown bistro at user poconowinery " 
"user user isn't "cake daddy" like a "sugar daddy," but owns a bakery? or is that like a "baby d . 
"user what i would give for some chicken nibblers and those lawry's seasonsed fried . and maybe a banana pudding milkshake" 
"listening to o.a.r. on a user exclusive. don't not what it is, but i gotta have a beer when i listen to oar goodstuff" 
"sounds like new york. service charge was ridiculous tho smh . 
"packs a little abv punch - drinking a space juice by user at user . photo" 
"post from 3 years ago today: pumpkin gingerbread cookies recipe icancookthat archives . . 
"yea the pancake block he had. i was referring to the play at the goal line when he was dragged five yards after the . 
"hot and spicy fried chicken!! waynepa . 
"we're proud to serve the user in the alds! new in our shareyourstak series matchup- the new york spicy sausage . 
"get to the brewery this saturday! we're celebrating our 1st birthday and we have a fun day planned including beer, . 
"all i want is someone to just hold me and tell me everythings going to be okay... and some mcdonalds french fries " 
"rt user propane powered bottle launcher captures gorgeous chemical reaction in slow mo . . 
"pesto chicken meatballs with sauted peppers and tomatoes with rosemary french fries. i love my . 
"user i always get the same thing lol fettuccini alfredo with shrimp and the sausage potato soup! it's to die for!!!!" 
"best pizza in pittsburgh?" 
"the caption . 
"rt user woman on subway: are you weeping? me: its fine. i just remembered i have a frozen pizza i can throw in the oven toni" 
"i guess im not getting a fucking pastry then. -marj" 
"rt user mettaton should market some alphys-inspired soda and call it alfizz" 
"user play it by beer." 
"leftfield (reason &amp; doc lvly) - support real pizza" 
"ore like 4.32ish. .....thanks todd! - drinking a nobody's robot @ morey's beer &amp; cheese shack - . photo" 
"rt user one time my dad was arrested for smuggling a backpack filled with muenster cheese across the utah border" 
"i'm continuing to position myself fir a run for mayor. the one term mayor now user doesn't care about the p . 
"user had our pizza bonding night after our rehearsal! . 
"rt user free show free beers free pizza my set is at 830pm! library collaborative grand opening 2544 library road, pit " 
"pushing a 4. supper balanced.... sweet, tart, &amp; funky all at the same tim... (hues (2014)) . photo" 
"if youre in philly and want some great fried chicken get to user food goodeats . 
"the greatest cure to a hangover is not drinking beer in the first place. try kicking back with a coca-cola" 
"user so does a cold beer.." 
"6 porcelain bread plates 6.5 in. noritake china japan 5764 blue purple flower floral . via user 
"user hold on what. there's a crab grilled cheese there? not even joking, you might change my mind on the enti . 
"rt user breakfast in bed. bacon coffee blueberry foodie foodporn breakfast . 
"weyerbacher imperial pumpkin ale on tap now. . user beermenus" 
"since i know user is clever and creative, i expect spicy tenders by the end of the year. i have faith in y'all. . 
"happy friday and happy user beer thirty! beerthirty treehouse getinmybelly dillydilly . 
"this gon be a quiet friday night | im gd wit that | 20 hot buffalo wings fries and pizza | im on chillz" 
"rt user if you're thinking you must get to new mexico and throw a pizza on the breaking bad house, you better do it soon... . 
"user to be fair: did they mean sprinkle cheese? that would be licit." 
"rt user user made ketchup like henry heinz used to make and i hear it's amazing! . via user 
"a beautiful fall friday evening with a good beer and some tom petty coming through the speakers. living my best life" 
"bring me this wendy's daddy cakes" 
"rt user when the wife says it friday lets have pizza and tots for dinner . 
"come here before or aftet user at user and have a beer with franklin. . 
"do you know what cenosillicaphobia is? yup ive got that! - drinking a hopism at user - . photo" 
"were custars tonight. check us out at abbeyfest from 8-10, no cover and beer specials. . 
"thanks todd/bryan - drinking a yam jam by user @ morey's beer &amp; cheese shack . photo" 
"user guess salmonella is on the menu...maybe i can wash it down with my iced tea...wait they gave me soda . 
"nowplaying dark fastasy - the house of bread . 
"rt user the latest the ladies-of-craft-beer daily! . thanks to user user user craftbee" 
"this was really tasty, not gonna lie. my favorite that ive had from these guys - drinking a wrench neipa - . 
"golf trip dinner @ british beer company hyannis . 
"i just got a large pizza, wings and breadsticks at user in 3 mins flat. i'm in love. now i'm hooked. the hype is real." 
"beer with the bestest husband ever . 
"should i order a pizza for my cat milo? . 
"roast chocolate with hint of sweet. very approachable. even t... (caribbean chocolate cake) . photo" 
"update: i am on page 3 and still am having a tough time staying motivated to finish so i ordered pizza and wings instead yeeeeeeeaaahkillme" 
"user i need my case of beer and my bottle before any new bets bro" 
"vegan chocolate chip walnut cookies recipe icancookthat nationalcookiemonth . . 
"hey user my boyfriend is putting ranch on pizza bagels... thoughts? " 
"user pizza hut isn't trash pizza though?" 
"last beer of this mix a six. cape good hope by yards brewing. let me tell you something, i dont have good hope. . 
"user the cheese curds were squeaky. very yummy." 
"someone send me a surprise pizza and i'll love you forever" 
"i love sour things but damn this is really sour - drinking a sexy motherpucker @ pen argyl - . photo" 
"rt user credit cards sound fun until you're 30 and still paying off that medium pizza from your senior year of college." 
"rt user subway cookies is so fire" 
"air max loving cakes what lmfaooooo . 
"rt user user you can run, but you can't hide! your pizza is on the way. unlimitedscreaming" 
"can't wait for this pizza to get here" 
"user user love lou malnatis pizza classic chicago style deep dish" 
"in honor of full pint brewings (pittsburgh) bronze medal... (night of the living stout) . photo" 
"actually pretty good, but i'd like to see them use real... (world court mocha blonde stout) . photo" 
"firkin friday! - drinking a captain coffee rumkin cask by user @ tapped brick oven &amp; pour house . 
""are combos even combos if they aren't pizza combos?" - user 
"who will get pizza and chill" 
"rt user beardhouse photo of the day: korean fried chicken with red chile butter by kyu miami . 
"user nice! i made a baked potato and chicken tenders lol. now im sitting in a daze, these meds are insane" 
"arsenal cider grant's flying pumpkin on tap now. . lebosaloon beermenus" 
"danknicity. - drinking a double daisy cutter pale ale by user @ the churchville inn . photo" 
"rt user i had another big brekkie today, even some bacon! hopefully my meds will kick in soon. thanks again for all your ki " 
"*snifffffffffffffff...* im smelling some treason in the air. also, someone is cooking french fries. but mostly the . 
"good amber beer. not too hoppy. - drinking a mcswagger's amber by user @ loews sapphire falls resort . 
"i think amazon is sending me free pizza? unlimitedscreaming" 
"user okey-dokey american broski! we all drink royal cola and eat our cheddar cheese burgers in celebration! russia . 
"sounds delicious. . 
"nice amount of hops - drinking a bitter ex by oyster house brewing company @ oyster house brewing co . 
"nicely done td! - drinking a bourbon barrel aged imperial pumpkin ale @ morey's beer &amp; cheese shack - . photo" 
"life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if vegetables smelled as good as bacon." 
"sooooo good! - drinking a zombie killer by user @ village tavern . photo" 
"these donuts are . 
"pizza joe's meatlovers pizza might be the best" 
"rt user user nigga i didnt even see all that ketchup delete this" 
"i don't understand how i moved to pa and neglect philly and their bomb ass steak&amp;cheese." 
"user i remember my first beer" 
"user thank you james. when it goes through, i'm buying you a pizza" 
"seemed a bit light on the flavor department - drinking a pumpkin down by user - . photo" 
"movie night..user w/user .. almost died with the clothes in the pizza boxes. how cute are you? crushing." 
"so im on a women in economic pizza crawl right now." 
"**moana** moana cake i made for emilys 7th birthday! happy birthday my baby! baking moana disney cakes . 
"when that flash come on yall be looking like powdered donuts " 
"rt user tabasco sauce is an insult to hot sauce everywhere. no real american uses it. (except for the chipotle tabasco whic " 
"rt user live in about 40 min horrorsquad fridaythe13ththegame twitchkittens teamemmmmsie grab them beers and cheers and " 
"waiting for my pizza " 
"woot!... (drew curtis / wil wheaton / greg koch stone farking wheaton w00tstout (2017)) . photo" 
"i dislike spiced holiday beer but this to... (festivus with fig, cinnamon and vanilla bean) . photo" 
"i'm on facebook trying to trade a beer for a ticket to owlchella" 
"bucket list item for sure. a month or two golfing in scotland, ireland and england. my ginger head would fit right . 
"he blew my mind at the pizza contest. was the show great? . 
"the head is thick and creamy like a latte. the beer is smooth, ri... (bourbon ba supermoon) . photo" 
"user chili cheese fritos are the snack god would eat" 
"rt user tuesday, oct. 17th 12-1 user is sponsoring "its not the storm it's the aftermath" 1st floor event lounge acws" 
"evil genius adulting on tap now. . user beermenus" 
"rt user when that flash come on yall be looking like powdered donuts " 
"user pandering. always pandering. i will give it to him. he knows which side of his bread is buttered" 
"don't think this is a triple, but rather apple-y and malty and thick. very g... (golden delicious) . 
"freddy is eating a pizza in a nightmare restaurant. the toppings are the screaming faces of his past victims. "bring me more!" he demands." 
"young chicken tenders . 
"really nice pils! - drinking a mary by user @ morey's beer &amp; cheese shack . photo" 
"i feel like that's god is punishing me for drinking soda when i know damn well all i drink is water " 
"rt user doing 2 acl talks user in just a few weeks in philly! hope you easterners can make it and then we can grab " 
"user what do i need to do to not have the pastry on bottom of a beef wellington get soggy? tried twice. failed twice." 
"got my wish... pizza and hp " 
"decisions decisions decisions. picking out beer after dinner was tough. user . 
"this pizza is about to be love before tonight man. " 
"to celebrate week 5, we will have cookies, provided by the pennsylvania bakery." 
"you and your client deserve the best. i finally found that turkey breakfast sausage that's . 
"donuts at irm, cupcakes user , cake user - the fertilizer industry sure knows how to celebra . 
"every time timehop shows me a tweet from my chicken nuggets &amp; pizza &lt;3 phase i get a little bit closer to death" 
"clean malt backbone with sweet and tropical fruit aroma and taste. - drinking an 300 @ media, pa - . photo" 
"going to squirrel hill's oktoberfest tomorrow? stumble down the stairs for a free scan user pittsburgh . 
"sweet italian sausage, peppers and white rice ugh so good" 
"user reginas pizza. that is all" 
"why would you not spend your friday night by eating hawaiian pizza and watching user 
"anybody who votes/voted pizza is a stupid dummy, nachos 4 life! . 
"beer ball champions 2017! casey... love ya kid! . 
"user user haha i shoild have tried one of those while i was there. although the funnel cakes add a little something extra!" 
"in a pint of heavy? that doesn't bother me. . 
"amazing customers buying user pizza after helping them port over and signing up for dtv! user . 
"green flash soul style ipa on tap now. . user cainssaloon beermenus" 
"rt user please help settle this important debate between me &amp; max. how do you eat leftover pizza:" 
"smooove - drinking a phantasmagoria by user @ blinky light . 
"clean, crisp, citrusy f'n goodness, with a pillowy head that just won't quit....... (kanso) . photo" 
"good. - drinking a contempt by user @ w. ridge cul de sac . 
"worked on my paper recycling; now ima get dinner. i get busy &amp; then hungry. lemon pepper shrimp n olive oil &amp; hot c . 
"nice solid ipa. - drinking a goose ipa by user @ filomena's . 
"looking for something different? this is a great beer from levante brewing. the earl of newlin in an 18th century... . 
"recovered our chocolate cake from the caketheif user . 
"there's the balance. - drinking an imperial pumpkin ale by user @ p.j. whelihan's . photo" 
"i literally have no food at my place so i ordered a pizza for myself i took a nap and woke up to only two slices left bruh i could cry" 
"we're psyched on last week's brunch menu so we're keeping it for this week too. sweet crepes, savory sandwiches and . 
"user young grilled cheese.....yo" 
"rt user benjamini: several epidemiology journals have long banned p-values. still gave us ketchup and pizza may prevent pr " 
"bit malty, but smooth. holds up pretty well - drinking an imperial yard breather @ 2 lengths on crocus - . photo" 
"rt user freebiefriday rt + comment pizza, jorts, or usa to win! or get them for 40% off right now through sunday!===&gt; " 
"cheering on user and enjoying some free pizza in the process! gobearsgo . 
"user user you can't leave me &amp; chocolate cake alone for too long... i told you" 
"dog, gazing adoringly at pizza: a poem . 
"user bye bye cuz we love our chops n bacon" 
"my mom got pizza and scary movies to watch for friday the 13th, god bless" 
"rt user if yous have seen the new video you'll know about the pizza guy who was like "i'll draw you in pizza and cheese" t " 
"holy shit it worked . 
"not bad as it call your name . 
"user heard they just bought a water bed with the bread they had saved for a couple years" 
"so this is the new comedy? . 
"classic in a cool can - drinking a guinness draught by user - . photo" 
"user wow you're on a roll tonight seth. maybe time to drink beer. seriously, i look forward to your tw . 
"rt user there is woman crying about someone throwing fried chicken at her through her car window. me: *rolls down window* me next" 
"user i just had chicken fingers and pepperoni pizza" 
"user hey glad its been 45 minutes and i still dont have a pizza when i was quoted 25 minutes" 
"user user still doesn't bother me. because, beer." 
"rt user artisan cheesemakers talk cheese trends, flavor inspiration . 
"i liked a user video . binging with babish: fried chicken lasagna &amp; the luther burger from the boondocks" 
"dank af - drinking a yakima fresh 2017 by user @ morey's beer &amp; cheese shack . photo" 
"i found pizza flavor pringles so my night just got better. . 
"clemson cheese finna lose to cuse" 
"lotta mango but pretty good - drinking a mango wheat by user @ what's brewin' . 
"where's the best pizza? a classic debate. enjoy these comedians arguing their cases funny foodie . 
"friday the 13th has not been good to me, i broke two nails trying to show my girls how to toss and i dropped a whole tray of cookies " 
"rt user who drank all the beer???? i drank alll the beer drynn" 
"user oohh i would have beer or liquor.. hmm none of you share with me " 
"thanks for coming out. appreciate the support. . 
"ketchup vs. catsup: user on the history and evolution of that most pittsburgh of foods: . 
"dinner with friends tonight! what can be better than that? sorry, friends...chuck e. cheese with hannah bananas tomorrow!!! :d lovemygirl" 
"this sunday come out and support kia's cakes bakery ! they have an . 
"cringeworthy videos of girls trying to shotgun a beer are my favorite saturdaysarereallyfortheboys" 
"hoagie and mac and cheese after 10 nice 2nd dinner" 
"but but but...how can i be a thief if you have it? . 
"very nice! a souvenir brought back by friends from michigan. :)... (beer right meow) . photo" 
"user yo that beer/shot duo though " 
"new halloween ouija board to feed all the ghosts in the neighborhood imaginary ghost cookies . 
"someone deliver a stuffed crust pizza to my apartment pls. or goldfish, extra cheddar. thnx." 
"ireallyshouldtry pineapple on pizza... some actually like it. . 
"user user user user cigars and scotch? ok grandpa. wine and pizza is the way to go" 
"user lol.... that's all i got. no beer here !" 
"the beer festival is totally sold out! no tickets will be sold at the door. see everyone tomorrow." 
"harm cant eat non of that shit . 
"user add melted cheese &amp; put in oven definitely" 
"i've had worse pilsners - drinking a krombacher pils by user at user . 
"the 2017 conshohocken beer festival is completely sold out. there will be no tickets available at the door." 
"user pizza and streaming make the perfect pair tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + " 
"user after the game, go to nicks (if they let you in). get the stromboli. mother bears pizza as a fallback. thank me later." 
"this is what pokemon go should be . 
"i been wanting some pizza for a while now " 
"rt user meat wrapped in bacon. what else do you need to know? bacon . . 
"now this is a cool doughnut @ dunkin donuts . 
"*rotel, pizza &amp; hot wings* . 
"and some warm chocolately chocolate chip cookies . 
"rt user *rotel, pizza &amp; hot wings* . 
"this is what we call "trolled to the max." user sent me 50 packets of ketchup. . 
"young sonic cheese tots . 
"cp designs - coffee &amp; donuts - adult $25.00 . leggings charity . 
"user so that's how they know where to deliver the pizza." 
"gee gin-redheads, with green eyes have a way with words. . 
"delicious recipe user . 
"user real crispy bacon plus cat head biscuits with fig preserves " 
"user i miss alcohol so much i thought you were at a bar and the bottom left were beer taps" 
"rt user bitches have expensive taste and beer built bank accounts " 
"user same lmao i just pour acv and a lil castile soap for babies w baking soda and basically all my oils hahahah . 
"last night at waffle house i ordered hash browns all the way, and my life will never be the same " 
"i just earned the 'flamenco' badge on user . 
"you deserve a day of live, country music. and while you're here, you deserve a beer! . 
"daily specials: sourdough, cream of potato &amp; texas 2 step soups, sausage onion mushroom quiche, 3 cheese quiche, pe . 
"rt user yall know butter and margarine not the same thing right???" 
"user jus for the pizza" 
"chipotle bbq! house-made seitan sausage served over fresh greens, tarragon aioli and spicy . 
"indian firm does carbon capture and usage, turning c02 into baking soda. . 
"user user user to make people buy local or regional beer? i actually didn't drink any o . 
"if youre a pancake in the greater murfreesboro area: beware" 
"rt user user user what bull shit no questions about no pods and those skittle / can sausage meals , i did " 
"captainslog hour 7 had my first customer issue. apparently i'm personally ruining her entire life. is it too early to have a beer?" 
"but what about the cookies . 
"i will get a tattoo of kevin bacon holding a lamb if lawmakers sign an agreement to not take contributions in 2018 . 
"rt user good morning to everyone except those who dont like donuts" 
"i wake up eating cookies " 
"i find a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not i have bread." 
"rt user *life saver gummies . 
"rt user stone enjoy by 10.31.17 on tap now. "there is no better time than right now to enjoy this beer." . 
"user that's called cottage cheese" 
"best thread i done seen . 
"user pink floyd should be listened to while eating bread and drinking water because theyre so bland lmao" 
"saturday-hotdogs-cold beer-college football " 
"user try it on pizza." 
"mom &amp; pop pizza shop in livingston, tn . 
"top stories: crockett's calm, friday's scores, canned beer &amp; more from jc press - . 
"laying my fat ass in the bed eating this pizza im not getting ready until 1" 
"user beer festival pre &amp; after game drinkcraftbeer selections user user . 
"user did you just have 20 mini pizza bagels" 
"i'm craving melted cheese, pls just let me have cheese today" 
"rt user tubs on his friends taking boats from alabama to knoxville for games. "three days. maybe four, depending on how much" 
"there's a retirement party at work today which means free beer. then i'm going to a wedding also = free booze. today is a good day." 
"user they were chicken mole tacos with a fried egg on top &amp; they were good as hell." 
"drinking a fennario by user at user . 
"rt user pizza partythank you cashiers!!cam2017 user user user user user . 
"best statement ive ever heard on tv . 
"rt user two guys just walked into this beverly hills starbucks dressed as slices of pizza. its 9:30am on saturday." 
"rt user user made chinese pizza last night and it was honestly ~gourmet~ . 
"im the man who had the jerky . 
"rt user donuts . 
"work, work, work, coffee, coffee, coffee, beer and maybe some chocolate. . 
"the latest . oh my!! . thanks to user wine beer" 
"rt user sotd:evil by interpol i made rosemary bread tonight, so i was reminded of one of my favorite... . 
"want chocolate cake." 
"set and ready! let the beer festivities begin. happy to be among all these great breweries . 
"me: "can i get a fork?" cashier: "no, i don't have a fork. i have ketchup &amp; mustard." that doesn't feel like a great solution to my problem" 
"user i liked his quote about how it takes 3 to 4 days to get your boat up to knoxville depending on how much beer you drink." 
"change in lunch menu is pizza for a monday user . 
"rt user user and medical care, and food, and beer, and tvs, and cell phones, and computers." 
"who tf starts from the crust. yall make me uncomfortable. . 
"beer tents. uh oh . 
"literally every venmo transaction on my feed is for pizza. doing well y'all." 
"rt user i cant believe the dunlap walmart didnt receive the pillsbury halloween cookies this year" 
"rice cakes have no business calling themselves "cakes" at all." 
"saturday special chicken philly $10 philly sandwich, with grilled onion and pepper, american cheese, served on ciabatta bread*" 
"it's saturday which means wings and pizza day. gotta get my workout in first! govols gbo . 
"a long day of fighting fires in the rain calls for cookies phillip_girls . 
"cheer on the vols with our big orange cheese grater lamp this is an awesome accent for any . 
"silver plated - cake - pizza server - new - n by sandiesgiftcorner . via user shopsmall epiconetsy giftsgalore" 
"user keep doing what you're doing at dino-bite snacks. that was hands down the best glass of barq's root beer i've ever had." 
"if we'd known as kids that being an adult means frozen hot chocolate for dinner and pizza and fried rice for brunch . 
"rt user the face you pull when bae mentions pizza fries . 
"rt user i would destroy this! . 
"don't forget mafiaozas_franklin has 2 for 1 beer sunday all day and night! go see a.p. after . 
"rt user no thanks. i'll just die early. . 
"thoughts during a shitty football game: what causes the constant tiny bubbles in beer? anyone?" 
"user i want the bowtie pasta with boar's head bacon and goat cheese!! yummy" 
"ware: there's no way there could be a worse analysis than me. tuberville: hold my beer!" 
"rt user a life of people pleasing is exhausting. live your life. love your life. eat your pizza. . 
"rt user my excitement over user is at an all-time high. this is the best beer event in memphis imo. ilovememphis craftbe" 
"rt user roberta's pizza was mentioned in hrc's email. pedogate pizzagate . . 
"rt user when you get cookies from user titan nolazyhorses nissan nissantitan . . 
"i liked a user video . entire costco pizza challenge" 
"we are in memphis today for the cooper-young beerfest! our beer will be available in shelby county starting next mo . 
"pizza rolls! with organic kalamata olives, sundried tomatoes, vegan cheese and herbs&amp;spices! . 
"ever wondered which beer you should be pairing with your meals and snacks? well, wonder no more! read more &gt;... . 
"user need to get rid of that bread tho" 
"rt user it's almost like their politics are just politics of resentment and not based on concrete principles or values! . 
"user best pizza in new jersey" 
"user really happy for you all! keep up the good work and keep that great beer flowing! prost " 
"youre not leaving are ya? because you still have that beer and i dont believe in alcohol abuse! says the server to me no, no! says i" 
"user you got it all wrong bruh. he's obviously practicing to play whack-a-mole at chuck e cheese without the padded hammer." 
"i dont drink soda but im drinking a sprite rn and there are lil yatchty lyrics on it" 
"its like the state of alabama and state of mississippi are trying to out-hold my beer each other. . 
"grilled cheese with mayo instead of butter. so good." 
"mmmmmmmmmm bacon rolltide roadto17 beatarkansas" 
"user add jalapeo and cream cheese- makes 'em delicious!" 
""tennessee's red zone offense is awful." jimbo fisher: "hold my beer."" 
"rt user omg! this pizza . 
"user i havent had coffee or soda in the past 3 months" 
"user i really really love that sausage pup" 
"rt user anybody ready for pizza? . 
"ds brown i see a lot of weed arrest making contact smelling weed does richland really try to protect pizza&amp;candy th . 
"damnnhe fucced up . 
"rt user help victims of the norcal wildfires by buying this special beer from russian river!! . pleas" 
"rt user some people see nature, i see a beer . 
"coyg - drinking a berry blonde 2017 by user @ hops and hollers craft beer store and taproom . 
"jordan giving us a quick lowdown on the chocolate rye porter at cooper young beer fest!! . 
"you brazy . 
"love the idea of having our pizza at your wedding, work event, etc? we offer catering! click the link below and... . 
"user great food, even better beer!!" 
"the beer bandits are in town" 
"rt user bacon grilled cheese. . 
"rt user if we ain't talkin about bread then i don't wanna speak " 
"user user thanks!! have a beer for me! i'm holding off on my your de breweries until after that race " 
"rt user twitter got yall niggas head fucked up. this shit not funny nor amusing. this shit ignorant as fuck. . 
"user no unlike you i wake up at 4:45am every morning to go to work! i actually have a job! unlike u government cheese eating rat !" 
"decisions are make easier beer or wine...easy choice... . wine vino beers yeast cheers . 
"rt user bel air cake wars is on in honor of natl cake decorating day! who will win?? cakes will be donated to shelters! " 
"rt user yoda: do, or do not; there is no try me: did you say "donut?" yoda: no me: so, are there donuts? you know what, i'll ju" 
"rt user my favourite things i describe as moist are his divine chocolate cake he makes me &amp; my vagina when he licks it. both to" 
"just added black fang by user to our menu . 
"user just did this the other day to be "healthy". catch was i got a pastry as well" 
"these cookies never survive in our house 24ct lofthouse . 
"thanks, mary r., for your excellent review user . 
"same . 
"only thing im missing is a beer lol" 
"rt user i like to keep my circle small. about 12 inches small. then i cover it with sauce, cheese, and pepperoni. you get your" 
"go buy cookies and mention zeta!! cfa on north street wearezta wearepanhellenic user user . 
"this wasnt even funny tho . 
"user we not gonna talk about how much ketchup they wasted?" 
"user user looks like user before she cakes on her makeup." 
"rt user gm! join my email list before 5:30pm est &amp; be entered to win a $10 gift card to starbucks, dunkin donuts, &amp; more! " 
"being lactose intolerant has a bright side i see. . 
"if yo taco using yellow cheese, then it's quiet... but if yo taco using white cheese, then i'ma like... eat it..." 
"rt user sometimes i forget that there are people who still drink soda" 
"rt user if homegirl comes thru w bacon and eggs, its quiet...but if she comes thru with the like chorizo con huevos, homegirl is gonna l" 
"these 6th graders found an investor for their pizza company! user . 
"rt user i was the ocean washed up here i'm your emotion i'm your fresh beer - the visitor . 
"rt user my spanish mom made cookies and i was bored so i made a mini documentary about her behind her back. . 
"taking time off with my favorites user &amp; user pumpkinspice doughtnuts yummy gogetyousome . 
"rt user me and my girl user indulging in pumpkinspice user donuts yummy fallflavors gogetyousome https:/" 
"tomrorrow! coog crew will be watching at pink's pizza! join us at 2pm! gocoogs beattulsa . 
"user user she's not a commie but hating bread pudding is close!" 
"celebrate national chicken fried steak day (10/26) at razzoos cajun caf with $7.99 steak . . 
"ff user for a delightful treat, no tricks. only delicious roses made of bacon. yum fun . 
"i really think i scared everybody at shsu in 2k and madden dont nobody play me for bread no more" 
"rt user why do people ask "how was class?" like class was class. id rather be wasted on a beach eating pizza, but here i am." 
"rt user we're getting a 'bacon the law' burger from user at user tomorrow at laid back! great music &amp; " 
"rt user really? the one thing that brings me joy. . 
"boo don't be scared to open your door, it's just doubledaves delivery! jason did help us cut your pizza though. . 
"surviveahorrormoviein5words stay home and eat pizza." 
"user he threw the beer before he finished it." 
"little debbie donuts only $0.99 at kroger *b4s4* . . 
"rt user bless your heart literally . 
"j&amp;b sausage company, inc. recalls fully cooked shredded beef products . 
"rt user go buy cookies and mention zeta!! cfa on north street wearezta wearepanhellenic user user " 
"rt user fox news: record number of children missing from washington d.c. - pizza... . via user 
"i need a beer" 
"og cookies and pussy niggas cause i do both" 
"user ha ha, i've seen dads at chuck e. cheese in that situation about to lose their shit." 
"rt user 8.) let me guess pizza . 
"today his class is getting a pizza party courtesy of his moms, lol i guess maria can be cool too " 
"its going to be a tough decision! . 
"bar 301 more from the family behind fralo's pizza . 
"redrivershowdown this weekend! here's a list of the best beer spots at user from user . 
"user user cause bacon is good at any time of day xave." 
"how to make the best chocolate chip cookies, according to 5 expert bakers . 
"who's up for a 6-course beer dinner in pflugerville this thursday? the theme is "gourmet game day" with pairings from user 
"sounds like something burger king would sell . 
"happy friday the 13th! fridaythe13th sanantonio cookies . 
"finally found a vegan bacon i like." 
"user user the sp00ky donuts! " 
"rt user soda in a cup phobia . 
"rt user me &amp; user get to da money &amp; break bread wit eachother " 
"user needa drink a beer soon!" 
"ugh now i want chicken tenders lol . 
" hollyywood1962: that1kidkiba: little gaymer booty action enjoy these candid cakes ruff i can... . 
"the new mutants . juntz retro soda usagi knowlezz. we trending." 
"dont blanche over bread winners . 
"user i think you forgot the egg, chicken, and cheese on this... . 
"rt user these subway cookies was too fucking good fatboygang . 
"rt user football all day? who needs football when you can have sex, eat steak and drink beer instead!" 
"love the cookies from teddyvcookies ! cookieparty happyfriday . 
"i am definitely going to try this! easy &amp; healthy homemade root beer recipe . . 
"user my local store has a roll of bright orange labels for crazy bread behind the counter. any chance i can buy one? *for art*" 
"along came a spidery chocolate cake: it will ensnare you! . halloweencakes recipe chocolate . 
"rt user chicken fried chicken for user at dallas craft company in colleyville. . 
"cheesy bread pudding baked in a pumpkin-a fun and unique way to serve cheesy bread pudding . . 
"rt user moist ok now that the girls aren't reading... sup fellas it's friday who wants grab a damn beer??" 
"user hosting us at 8pm in the ballroom saturday at user who else is smelling free user pizza . 
"if i identify as a toaster because i like bread is it ok to stick my finger in an electrical outlet? " 
"rt user are they pure bread . 
"we've spent more money on beer/liquor than we have on food . 
"rt user free alert want to know what's better than free parking and the free metro ride? free hot dog and soda! all av " 
"only if you actually bought him a beer in exchange for that poorly-rolled joint. . 
"lmao i was so sad that i didn't place at my last show. i stayed in bed and ate this whole box of cookies . 
"drinking a mango wheat by user at user . photo" 
"rt user make halloween cookies and watch scary movies . 
"co workers think cause its payday we going to lunch. nah nigga i got pizza at the crib" 
"my daily bread . . 
"i just wanna sit &amp; drink beer or whiskey with him. . 
"tfw all i want to eat is french fries &amp; chips.... body why" 
"user well they're missing out because them cookies are good af" 
"bite into mulays paleofriendly glutenfree sausage today at user in littleton from 12-4pm." 
"rt user first time streaming together! this is something you do not want to miss! bring the beer, we'll bring the wine! joi " 
"user this morning was amazing the bacon &amp; egg tacos smacked" 
"i be getting taste for soda, take two sips and be finished. it was a time id drink a 2 liter a day" 
"date a girl who's cute asf but can also eat a whole pizza by herself" 
"it's cookie friday at sterling northgate! you know you want some cookies, come down and get them! we hope everyone . 
"you shouldnt be aht no muh fuckin drive thru handin me muh got dayum food. . 
"rt user this shit stupid asf bruh .. yall doing too much for fame now . shit wasnt even funny . . 
"time to recover battsportsroadie @ satchel's pizza . 
"you ready for some festival fun? join us tonight for live music and crazy beer and all day tomorrow! . 
"wtf this is me when im getting ready for work after being off for 2 days ! not even kidding . 
"todays special is our sausage sandwich, mild or jalapeo, with chips and a drink for $8.95! . 
"this isnt funny tho . 
"just wanna sit in a bubble bath, eat girl scout cookies, and drink wine for the rest of the month" 
"user im so hyped bud i wanna make some halloween cookies and shit" 
"thank you to user &amp; our user members serving at user for your great work supporting . 
"if you like to be cheesey that is okay with me, but i do not like cheese. so we can not work out together. :) ." 
"user pizza and beer. done. oh, muscle... yeah, totally different strategy." 
"rt user look here bitches, we know canes chicken aint shit. thats not why we go there. the bread &amp; sauce worth dealing with that" 
"i would go there high asf . 
"king ranch casserole is on the menu for the last day of nslw17 in elems. roasted turkey, crispy tortilla chips &amp; c . 
"filling my 4thingstote with fresh pimpinjoy bread! order your tote user or user to support our m . 
"rt user herman talks ou prep, injury updates, and sam bringing donuts, by user . (free) . 
"tag a friend you'd like to have a beer with at our place! . 
"user cornerstone or wedge wood. know you're a cheese guy but the greens pizzas at both are unreal" 
"oh but sis. there is no limit to how much sweet bread one can eat at once. in fact, just eat it all. all of the swe . 
"put that mf beer down we here now! listen to intoxicated feat. jt, the hippy by cochi$e np on soundcloud . 
"rt user best pizza ever!!! utrgvdining utrgvdining sliceoflife sodexo utrgvmadness utrgv user . 
"rt user i really want something exciting right now - like french fries" 
"rt user after the big game and dance, stop by tc! grab our $10 bean &amp; cheese dozen taco box from 4pm-midnight. " 
"who is getting up at 6 am to chug a beer? me! whyy? united!!! manutd" 
"9: ultimate snack care package, variety assortment of chips, cookies, crackers . mostgifted" 
"rt user instead of bread, this breakfast sandwich is made with scallion pancakes . 
"rt user ion do shit i just do donuts in da i8 all day " 
"is there anything better than a soft cookie and a hot cup of tea? i think not! . . 
"friday fun fact: chef auden's bread was the beginning of an evolution for biga on the banks. come in &amp; get a taste . 
"rt user pineapples do not belong on pizza!!! this is not up for debate" 
"krispy kremes friday the 13th deal: get 2 dozen donuts for just $13 . 
"is beer edging out mimosas at the brunch table? . 
"ready to user lisbon halfmarathon running more beer more carbs lol @ lisbon, portugal . 
"rt user if you're in the atlanta area, come have a beer with me thursday night at user details here: . 
"randy k. is drinking a sittin' sidehaze at nobi public house beer (3.5/5 stars) . 
"rt user cookies like bubbles contain magical properties and can alter the trajectory of most interactions" 
"user user user user haha -- that's why beer before noon is never a bad . 
"salad tastes pretty good once you add some pizza and get rid of the salad" 
"fuck... . 
"rt user i would go there high asf . 
"rt user india pale ale is a hoppy type of beer. ipa is acceptable on second reference. read about a hops surplus this year: " 
"get off my bread *no context needed*" 
"craving some pizza :~(" 
"what's your favorite: reubens? bratwurst? beer? you don't have to choose at san antonio's oktoberfest! join us: . 
"i would thrive working at brewery and probably get the sexiest beer gut known to man" 
"tgif happy hour starts at noon in the lounge!! fried buffalo chicken sandwich! tgif fulbellis fulbellislounge . 
"rt user bruh you like 40 chill out and go teach ya son how to change a tire or some shit . 
"stupid . 
"these people who do this obnoxious shit are gonna be sorry when someone pulls a gun on them and possibly even shoot . 
"rt user our check hit a day early , so we played cod, ate donuts and balled out :user : me . 
"i just earned the 'beer foodie (level 5)' badge on user . 
"airmax. loving. cakes. . 
"rt user cheesy bites pizza. . 
"user yung bacon egg and cheese biscuit" 
"user pizza every meal of the day and if you order enough you can have it as a snack to" 
"rt user breakfast aint gon be the same. imagine the possibilities. the french toast . 
"now playing blue cheese (clean) by 2 chainz ft migos to tune in visit . 
"user you bought me cookies? thats all i got from that sentence" 
"user user omg he at first never stops drinking his beer! then gives her the nachos she wanted i gue . 
"some of y'all think y'all live when yo followers go up, if u ain't gone use that to put no bread in yo pocket u just like errbody else " 
"rt user you can be anything you want this night , *free drinks,free food, free dab cakes and free dutches . 
"mama needs a cold piece of pizza." 
"rt user nutella-stuffed chocolate chip cookies . 
"user a punny cheese? you must be in a grate mood now." 
"rt user idk - pizza shop ft. yung gleesh, doom &amp; del the funky homosaphien . 
"without they sauce and bread they nun unseasoned ass chicken . 
"rt user new video! i share my story about mental health, black holes and pizza. . - daniel and depression" 
".user dropped by user station 4 to drop donuts &amp; say thanks for keeping austin safe. thanks, guys! . 
"mf i need a beer" 
"rt user don't tell a texan not to do somethin. we'll tell ya to hold our beer and do it anyway." 
"s/o dat nigga user he broke bread wit me so bitch gtf out this whip if he can't hit it!" 
"it's friday the 13th sa!! come in today for some delicious drinks and ice cold $2 beer during our 3 to 7 happyhour. . 
"user hahaha, 100%...actually dunkin donuts since there is one on the way to the gym." 
"user banana bread time!" 
"rt user jrotc is selling pizza today by the i building during all lunches. $1 per slice &amp; $1 per drink. come support jrotc! https" 
"we make it how you order it! hand breaded and deep fried to perfection, golden delicious fried chicken! on a... . 
"rt user calling next in beer pong . 
"rt user most people dont realize it but botanically speaking, yes, pizza is a fruit . 
"rt user user lexa likes french fries but i don't recommend them from there. they have a bomb ass buffalo chicken potat" 
"rt user you too big to be on that boonk gang bullshit. hell to the naw . 
"this is so lame. and the fact that adults are doing this is even more lame. . 
"user user did anyone ever bring you some french fries?" 
"go to zaxbys they shit seasoned . 
"rt user come watch game tonight cold beer &amp; hot food game 1, today, 7:08 pm new york yankees @ houston astros" 
"rt user im just tryna go to a pumpkin patch &amp; carve some and make some spooky cookies &amp; watch some halloween movies but yall" 
"rt user people who put pineapples on their pizza know every word to that eminem freestyle about trump" 
"rt user ever wanted a neon from our bar? we're giving away a neon sign plus free beer &amp; merch when we hit 3k followers! follo" 
"rt user jumping in . 
"come home to a super hearty and delicious one pot meal with this slow cooker italian sausage . 
"chill cole its not even noon . 
"user na, my neighbor hasn't invited herself over for pizza and a movie yet." 
"making bacon, eggs &amp; toast for me and my lil man " 
"rt user regardless my age, i will always eat pizza lunchables." 
"after all that i need a beer" 
"new beer coming to texas!! label approvals for 10/5 -10/11. newbeer houston brewery . . 
"why do y'all think this dumb shit is funny . 
"i love how coors light's advertising campaign is all about how cold the beer is rather than taste or quality of anything" 
"i finally stopped stuffing my face and gave the rest of the cookies to my neighbor's kids." 
"kevin, chris, john, john, stephen, cuban roll, funnel cake, magnolia beer gardens thank you . 
"user i tried making your dig dug cookies and i think they came out great! . 
"rt user we need to be asking the real questions, like when user is going to start serving beer" 
"mama bear, cubs break into pizza shop . 
"don't leave campus for lunch. stop by pie five and get your own personal pizza! . 
"rt user don't leave campus for lunch. stop by pie five and get your own personal pizza! . 
"rt user craving some pizza :~(" 
"rt user i hate this brand of comedy. . 
"don't pizza him off kappa" 
"rt user user you have no idea how deep the rabbit hole goes remember the 65000 hotdog party. hot dog is code fo " 
"i'd rather be fat. . 
"rt user pls rt and help us spread the word about tyler and his mission to give donuts to every cop in the country, he will " 
"guess who just made oreo cookies and cream pudding? " 
"yeah but it won't be as cold as the rockies . 
"i for one will not sit back while the men get to talk/tweet about their fantasy teams and sub sandwiches on white bread. womenboycottwitter" 
"new! vegan cream cheese alfredo! oh yes, it's as good as it sounds. . . 
"rt user can yall stop making it seem like carving pumpkins, decorating cookies or anything holiday related can only be done with" 
"i think it's about time we develop ketchup bottles that don't make farting noises" 
"makinging the bread dribbling money" 
"picked up something like that in south america once glad i could write a script for a paragoric elixer. . 
"why is no one talking about this legendary battle . 
"1 week away! this is a free event for principals, teachers &amp; counselors! starbucks coffee &amp; finger foods! giving aw . 
"rt user texas has khalid texas has beyonc texas has blue bonnets texas has pluckers texas has selena gomez texas has daisy " 
"rt user when the employee says youre welcome instead of my pleasure. . 
"brunch . 
"rt user mark your calendars! our chipotle give back night is wed oct 11 from 5-9. show this flyer and belles will receive 5 " 
"rt user whatacharm . 
"can't forget whataburger . 
"rt user i'm waiting in the whataburger drive thru and some guy really just tried getting in my car. i looked at him like . 
"user i havent been to kfc in so long damn" 
"rt user taco bell . 
"im craving chick-fil-a soooo bad " 
"when your friend lets you eat some of their hbcb user . 
"500 calories has never been more worth it pumpkinscone starbucks . 
"okay, but who wants to take me to taco bell?????????" 
"whataburger sells out of james avery charm hours after release . 
"rt user james avery creates whataburger charm for sale . . 
"rt user at taco bell; woman ahead of me is trying to order a chocobo supreme and will not work with the cashier to figure out what" 
"take out 1,4, and 5 ill be good . 
"6.cody . 
"if homeboys coming through with like mcdonald's it's quiet.. but if he comes through with some taco bell homeboys gonna like.. get it" 
"this. is. magical. . 
"this movement has my support! . 
"dunkin' donuts?? what white person tweeted this from your account . 
"one of these days user is going to follow me and my life will be complete" 
"uh bets believe im gonna cop that . 
"user its time for you to grow up and leave taco bell behind" 
"rt user bro pulled up on a sunday we've all been there . 
"blocked. . 
"people if you dont want to get wet or get your car wet please i insist dont come through drive thru at whataburger. " 
"rt user a racist just shouted the n-word on the subway and immediately got what he deserves . . 
"user i need any negative references to taco bell lol" 
"rt user yall still trynna argue in-n-out being better??? lmaaao . 
"rt user buying this for the gf i don't have. she better love it or i'llbreak up with her. . 
"hell yes we are getting user !!! we moving up user . 
"i would totes wear this. user . 
"rt user i've got texas to take the w in this week's user rivalrybeef! who's got your vote? . 
"rt user whatagift . 
"rt user user what is next is me bringing u chick-fil-a rn" 
"rt user whataburger, james avery join forces for one-of-a-kind whataburger charm . ksatnews . 
"rt user need . 
"rt user user user bring me chick-fil-a too plz" 
"stopped at starbucks this morning and right away realized why i never stop at starbucks lol" 
"rt user mulan didnt deserve any of this. hope yall enjoy this piece i came up with in the midst of all the chaos! " 
"okay, so while i was in alaska the "4 for $4" was "4 for $6" at user i was thoroughly shook." 
"i never thought the day would come but i think i'm finally tired of taco bell" 
"rt user go treat yourself friday and support a great cause by buying cookies @ chick-fil-a in nac!! sfazta . 
"its acceptable to get starbucks and chick fil a after a good workout right ? " 
"thank you ms. quinones &amp; our ekis volunteers for making us these large posters for our chipotle event to hang aroun . 
"rt user thought i had juice when the starbucks girl said she knew who i was. that changed when she gave me a cup with the name p" 
"wya bae? after this we getting whata . 
"can the starbucks line at uc move any slower????" 
"rt user i know you didnt just forget whataburger . 
"rt user do you think the kfc in heaven will have a bigger menu? (ep 300)" 
"rt user user why...? spicy nuggets....... rip " 
"only 1 of these things is good for you . 
"this vanilla bean shit from starbucks so good im addicted" 
"rt user whataburger over this trash anyday . 
"rt user live by the 5 cs and youll be alright: 1. christ 2. coffee 3. chick-fil-a 4. chipotle 5. canes" 
"** el agave . 
"rt user you forgot that texas has selena quintanilla texas has travis scott texas has george strait texas has whataburge " 
"rt user you spoke. weve listened. lots more szechuansauce and locations. details soon. and thats the wayyy the news goes! https:/" 
""the fans of rick and morty don't understand the way commercialism stepped in to cash in on nihilism" . 
"if you really love me youd buy me a whataburger charm from james avery for christmas hint" 
"rt user sit boy! . 
"rt user honored to be the owner/operator of chick-fil-a red oak projected to open in april 2017! blessed#faith . 
"shout out to the people on the train. you're doing amazing sweeties. . 
"rt user chick-fil-a service is unmatched . 
"rt user now this is a group assignment i can get behind . 
"chili is a date! applebees is a date! whataburger is a date! torchys tacos is a date! where ever you wanna take me is a date! im grateful" 
"user i got you . 
"rt user nyc subway in the 80s was called 'hell on wheels' and these pictures are telling why . 
"rip to pizza nights with the old roomy . 
"chick-fil-a is giving free meals to military members from 5-8 today, life is good" 
"rt user that wrist flick when she threw her soup . 
"me: shit i'm never gonna eat all this food taco bell: okay, that'll be 6 dollars me: fuck i should've gotten more food" 
"signed up for cycle class tonight, class got cancelled, to chick-fil-a i go" 
"this was tweeted by some chick in sigma beta apple pie . 
"rt user user it seems as if fast food has come to realize anime is popular. . 
"rt user this is the most texan thing and im all for it . 
"want to work at starbucks? we're hiring in huntsville, tx! click for details: . customerservice job jobs" 
"join the starbucks team! see our latest job opening here: . customerservice sanantonio, tx hiring careerarc" 
"user pineapple pizza lovers to the direction the pineapple pizza is" 
"user what i say to myself in disappointment when i drive to chick-fil-a on a sunday forgetting it's closed " 
"rt user ryland: shane did you eat an entire bag of taco bell again shane: . 
"these user employees are with our girls at trimble tech hs this evening, sharing interview and career advice. . 
"all i see texas state student drink is starbucks. starbucks isnt even that great. why not make your own damn coffee" 
"the end . 
"user im off at whataburger lol" 
"i still don't understand this hand drawn sign at a mcdonalds in odaiba. . 
"hillarys' been conditioned to ignore accusations after 4 decades with her perverted husband.. . 
"trimble tech hs students were mentored by user employees from around dfw. careers starbucks user . 
"it went down in that mcdonalds drive thru... and i was loving it!" 
"come support 1520 this thursday by mentioning our name at chipotle! . 
"my dog is so extra, i gave him some leftovers from chipotle and picked at everything but the lettuce " 
"whataburger is the mf best place to eat i swear " 
"rt user i hope mcdonalds employees stole all the szechuan sauce and are ebaying it for what they make in two weeks at work" 
"rt user i need the texas whataburger charm" 
"chipotle for dinner!!! . 
"even when me and becca arent eating taco bell together, we are" 
"rt user user user it's definitely what the people want. " 
"rt user it doesn't get much better than this! vote for the winner of this week's user rivalrybeef matchup below: . 
"rt user user time to implement 24 hour breakfast. 24hourwhataburgerbreakfast" 
"step 1: don't be a little bitch and go for the triple cheeseburger . 
"user user jack in the box offers that" 
"social media tips from user employees. plan for your career. be smart about what you post." 
"my friends really trying to get me this since i eat it everyday smh . 
"rt user nigga lining look like the pizza hut logo . 
"user well when i get them at chipotle i just kind of rip pieces off and eat them " 
"enjoying mcteacher night at mcdonalds. user user . 
"rt user "promoted by burger king" man i love 2017 twitter. . 
"rt user 50% off fall flavors at starbucks from october 10th-13th. rt to bless a basic" 
"girlfriend: i wonder if hes thinking about another girl? me: i wonder how many burger king nuggets itll take to fill a hot tub?" 
"rt user whataburgers 13 will always b the goat" 
"rt user finally had in-n-out burger, doesn't have shit on whataburger not bad but not as amazing as people said it was" 
"taco bell . 
"rt user when she threw the soup! we love talent! . 
"dead promoted by burger king they so petty . 
"i've gotten a large coffee everyday at jack in the box just so this cashier can ask for my number and it hasn't happened yet " 
"some dude in my class just gave me 7 jack in the box tacos, we're friends now i think" 
"user user honey butter chicken biscuit is life" 
"rt user so i went to user and i just had to rap my order cuz i was mad hungry!! . 
"rt user why even call it a burger . 
"rt user starbucks and wing stop sound good right now" 
"rt user user needs wifi &amp; breakfast all day" 
"rt user bae: why tf pizza hut keep texting you me: . 
"i just wanna know how you leave out whataburger lol . 
"rt user you probably think in-n-out is better than whataburger too, you damn commie! . 
"home is where whataburger is." 
"i'm at starbucks in richardson, tx . 
"user user user user got rid of spicy nuggets? wtf, whyyyy? i do still love user though bc they s . 
"psa tarleton: undercover cop off washington right before mcdonalds fuckin dont speed or do anything stupid" 
"you real if you meet me at starbucks" 
"user i'm not so much worried about their bad take on shipley as i am about their praise for krispy kreme b . 
"user user user dont mention me in this weak shit lmao" 
"user user &amp; you still can't read. smh" 
"does wendys" 
"user when they start saying mcdonalds is better than whataburger, i'm out." 
"user krispy kreme sucks" 
"rt user dont check my social media for life updates. might tweet niggas aint shit and'll be referring to the mcdonalds worker tha" 
"rt user someone please . 
"*breathes heavily* . 
"bring them back and keep them on the value menu . 
"7/11 taquitos &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; anything from taco bell do. not. @ me." 
"user watch "texans try chipotle queso" on yt" 
"rt user new at user zoo boo! professor pepper performs all kinds of science-based magic during the mad science magi " 
"rt user been craving whataburger for the longest" 
"rt user that's because i can get 10 chicken nuggets at burger king for $1 and a salad cost me $10 . 
"rt user thanks a lot taco bell . 
"user any chance at a wassail drink during the holidays?" 
"burger king really petty asf for promoting this lmao . 
"user why user out here trying to bring you down sis?!! . 
"what the hell is wrong with texans players man.. these dudes saying krispy kreme &gt; shipley and another who doesn't believe in dinosaurs" 
"user user i freaking love you!" 
"user user my lil baby might love whataburger more than me if we're being honest " 
"rt user how about an ffa emblem? . 
"rt user i literally don't trust a soul that likes krispy kreme over shipleys. . 
"rule 1 of queso: texas-based market testing a must for a national chain. getitright . 
"user user well at least texas can beat iowa state ou sucks!" 
"user kfc barstool earned a follow. that dude is cold...." 
"rt user mommy and daddy bought his ford f150 but he bought the rollpan and 2% tint - hangs out at the eagle river taco bell " 
"user your attempt at pleasing rick and morty fans did nothing more than make us worse, pickle rick will avenge us." 
"rt user bring back spicy nuggets user 
"check out starbucks espresso 3 oz demi cup mug spring watercolor white red purple 2016 new . via user 
"men: "i'll never understand what woman want" me: "i want loyalty, quality time, a puppy and chipotle" me: "a mystery never to be solved"" 
"in a year that has seen nothing but bad news user may be coming in clutch fingerscrossed . 
"user dont think user will appreciate the porg - kfc tie-in much. they look kinda chic-fil-a sized? burger king porg nuggets?" 
"this is what i call americans coming together . 
"user is giving away 10 starbucks vouchers, and i am in! nomahawk giveaway . 
"starbucks playing suavemente has me enjoying this bone marrow aspiration assignment even more " 
"fastfoodbroadway in-n-out on the town burger" 
"rt user thats fine because *shipley* is better than krispy kreme . 
"rt user please they eat us now, they eat us later adding up our wins on a calculator you're a laughless clown, or a king t " 
"my friend's son photo shoot user whataburger ifyouwannaafrenchfry cutebaby houstonstrong . 
"vanessa came clutch with starbucks " 
"i already told you! green tea frappe is the way to go . 
"rt user i feel like im the only texan who doesnt love whataburger this much . 
"rt user really only want 7 million dollars and a chipotle bowl , honestly ..... . 
"when you're a broke college student, but also....starbucks uttyler . 
"rt user i want starbucks " 
"rt user wrong . 
"i'm so mad ain't no starbucks here " 
"rt user we are flying over to user after church this week! who you bringing? 4twelve whataburger flying . 
"what do you want for christmas? . 
"user and to think we share names rip spicycn" 
"user haha. getting you some whataburger! it's good for the soul" 
"hey user i just ate a sub from you guys you think you can sponsor me? i'm good for it i swear." 
"rt user texas has selena quintanilla period . we win . 
"all the halloween delights are here! (@ dunkin' donuts/baskin-robbins in euless, tx) . . 
"rt user him: get out of my house. we are done me: *leaves* him: *calls 4mins later* babe im sorry where u at me: . 
"rt user currently craving a milkshake from whataburger with some fries" 
"user you can't buy ass at starbucks jared" 
"user trying to get people to fight user for you?! . 
"user oh and krispy kreme donuts are trash. would rather eat a dunkin donut." 
"user user sooners are gonna kill the horns....horns are kinda like michigan....good defense but the offense is horrible" 
"just ate taco bell.... so good tacobell livemas . 
"me singing gardens like i'm not at cc in front of starbucks with 30 people around me . 
"user user fuck a krispy kreme donut!!! they can take their donuts back up north!!!" 
"i stole these flowers from a jack in the box drive-thru. . 
"the iced pumpkin spice latte from starbucks has been the only thing keeping me awake lately:,)" 
"rt user user user user i love food twitter accounts foodiechats . 
"i want some whataburger" 
"rt user ya mcm would buy this for u and take u to whataburger afterwards to celebrate it's me i'm ur mcm . 
"rt user mcdonalds sprite will wake up a dead person . 
"i didnt know baskin robins was still open" 
"rt user oh me too! . 
"got user bbq sauce on me britches . 
"rt user knights, tonight is our spirit night @ chipotle! grab dinner there &amp; tell the checkout person that you're there for elki" 
". we went to corpus and i finally ate in the two story whataburger but this man was playing w my food and i don't p . 
"user got me craving chipotle every time i watch his story" 
"free halloween doughnut at krispy kreme on 10/11 for when you download their app via /r/freebies . 
"not the noodles . 
"rt user this kind of pizza . 
"i love this song . 
"rt user would you like to be playable in the wwe 2k18 video game? they said. as long as my physique is 100% accurate, s " 
"thats assault i aint gone assault you. imma kill you. . 
"user sounds like the amount of corns i get at chipotle" 
"rt user omg theres me.... feeling famous . 
"rt user i don't think ogjason is talking about starbucks, lol gh . 
"i love the whole ambiance of starbucks." 
"user user that sounds awful" 
"rt user when i was 13, i had my first love. therewasnobodythatcomparedtomybabyandnobodycamebetweenusorcouldevercomeabove. s " 
"i love houston and everything about our culture...... but krispy kreme is absolutely better than shipley's. it's not even close." 
"rt user texas has whataburger we win . 
"rt user i want some whataburger" 
"rt user shawty dumped her au bon pain mac &amp; cheese on him . 
"user it's across from the new starbucks on nw hwy" 
"satisfying. . 
" yasss it's time for liveme's show krystal : . . 
"user u need this . 
"rt user government owned aircraft use is being scrutinized, so user flights will all be reviewed? user " 
"rt user hahahhahaa. omg. this photo is so old!! major throwbaaaack 2014 i think? this caption is everything . 
"yes, thats a burger patty between two krispy kreme donuts. and yes, i did hate myself after . 
"rt user yasss lady with the soup go best friend thats my best friend . 
"if you look up "cruel joke" in the dictionary, you'll see a picture of my gym and its painfully small distance from a user 
"creating a robotic (haunted) jack in the box for halloween . futuretech" 
"i wish dominos let you order 3 slices of pizza and thats it ion be tryna have to pay $16 smh" 
"i have a serious addiction to chipotle." 
"glad you said it . 
"you thought i was done with my demands? nope! 9th demand: make user bring back those sandwiches with the pretzel buns. i'm deadly serious" 
"user try the new chorizo burger at whataburger it's good" 
"i love communities and teamwork . 
"user mcdonalds on university!!" 
"i liked a user video . caillou hijacks the car/crashes into mcdonalds/grounded" 
"21+ starbucks copycat recipes . 
"yeah sex is cool but have yall ever gotten a $4 for 4 and a frosty at wendys" 
"when burnt out, i always just scoop whataburger" 
"this why i live 20 ft from whataburger" 
"yes!! why!! . 
"rt user girls talking bout "mcdonalds unhealthy" bitch so is yo relationship mcstupid ass " 
"rt user user .user i just wanna say.... yall better get it together before another company does. " 
"i really want an iced pumpkin spice latte from starbucks" 
"rt user im just trying to go get some starbucks" 
"the one time my mom gets panera bread i can't taste it bc i'm sick " 
"rt user craving tacos and whataburger " 
"the fact that burger king promoted this tweet . 
"rt user rt to win a $10 starbucks gift card must be following me and user . 
"same here lol . 
"rt user nerds getting rewarded for becoming dumb, angry mobs has been a terrible trend over the last few years. . 
"rt user i miss white castle. even though it tore my stomach up every time, it was good af " 
"create your own whataburger homecoming mum - . 
"user bring me some whataburger thx" 
"user user yes! all fake chorizzo haha i want the buffalo chicken strip back :(" 
"couldnt decide which pastry to get... starbucks" 
"ordering 13 with creamy pepper sauce from user reminds me so much of user miss you roomie" 
"mcdonald's, chickfila, &amp;' starbucks with a friend is always good" 
"temperature dropped, so im treating myself with a small chili. thanks user for being there like always." 
"jack in the box always hit's the spot " 
"replace chipotle with caleb . 
"the only cs i know are -complete -concise -clear thnx tapia . 
"hey user i received horrible customer service at your pearland location off 2234" 
"rt user marcus smart's murky future with celtics. . 
"donuts are not very good. way better breakfasts. even way better sugary breakfast pastries . 
"rt user someone tell bo deitl he is not selling subway sandwiches this is a debate nycvotes" 
"if you go to jack in the box and don't get curly fries you actual trash" 
"rt user hey user how many retweets for you to make breakfast available all day??" 
"rt user upcoming mhs ptsa meeting scheduled next tuesday, 10/17 at the starbucks in manor 6:30pn-7:30pm..you are invited! . 
"talk shit get hit my dude . 
"i want whataburger" 
"this!!!!! they use to be hitting man . 
"rt user user user sell me on why i should give this sandwich a shot jack in the box?" 
"rt user replace chipotle with caleb . 
"rt user it's columbus day, so we're gonna sail over to mcdonald's, beat the shit out of everyone, wreck the place &amp; call it arb" 
"user user because its lunch andrew" 
" starbucks, fall scented candles, halloween movies, fuzzy socks &amp; cuddles. nuff said. " 
"apostrophes: ruths chris and carl's jr. . 
"user user i want it to be 24/7 " 
"if he only wants your breast, legs, and thighs..... send him to kfc- drake " 
"rt user pre-saling krispy kreme donuts at lunch. pick up on 10/12 before 3rd. $5 for half a dozen" 
"user user best character 10/10" 
"neither wreckem . 
"must be nice . 
"i checked in at chick-fil-a on yelp . 
"need to cop: . 
"rt user lmfao how is shit not viral. wingstop and wendy's having a rap battle . 
"user nice going krystal " 
"every time i go to the starbucks inside of target, the baristas are so freaking rude." 
"getting starbucks cause its been awhile " 
"they stopped like a year ago in my area i feel your pain man. lostmybusiness . 
"rt user i just want wendys 4 for 4, is that too much to ask for?" 
"user or the patty melt meal from whataburger" 
"to whoever spent $75 on our money at the bridge city whataburger, thanks a lot." 
"petition for user to serve the hbcb between two mini waffles as an option" 
"dressed like i'm going to the gym, actually going to whataburger. absolutely nothing has changed since college" 
".user needs to make the chorizo burger a permanent part of the menu!" 
"when you just absolutely love whataburger lmao . 
"user this is what you say . 
"who want it . 
"user texas has whataburger" 
"i come to the target on ware cause they have a starbucks inside, so it's like killing two birds with one stone " 
"user user right? lemme know what little caesars this guy is hitting" 
"rt user legit edwin was drunk on our wedding night and we went to user . 
"i can't believe i wasted my starbucks gift card" 
"rt user .user colonel sanders is ready to throw down in wwe2k18! . 
"rt user starbucks cashier: whats ur name me: what are we" 
"are yall gonna take that user ??? . 
"i slept on chipotle until today" 
"user i plan on coming to taco bell from now on fataf" 
"rt user take out 4 &amp; were good to go . 
"bww, canes, or subway????!?" 
"instead of eating taco bell i eat el taco or jalisco's" 
"rt user the subway bigot who had soup dumped on him for a racist rant on an l train insisted hes not that sorry . 
"rt user i went into whataburger trying to pay with my license" 
"y'all why did burger king promote this . 
"user burger king is like top 3 best fast food burger smh" 
"subway today. travel adventures continue @ new york city subway - mta metro . 
"tonight's java and a book... an arc of kill game by cordelia kingsbridge with starbucks veranda . 
"and water is wet. thank you for your whatawisdom. never change. . 
"i cant tell you how many times ive handed my license to the person in the drive thru on accident . 
"2 more hours to join us at whataburger!!!! . 
"rt user 1. carnifex 2. counterparts 3. citizen . 
"helped a kid find his dog killed work shoes got delivered got user time for 2k18 today was a good day! . 
"rt user its meghan, with an h... starbucks fail misspelled @ troy, michigan . 
"explain this user . 
"good . 
"rt user the biggest lie eva . 
"rt user only 2 more days to fundraise!! all money and brochures due thursday! the students with the most items sold, the whole c" 
"this makes me so happy . 
"the more colors a meal has, the more nutrients it's packing! we've got our eye on this chipotle steak bowl recipe: . 
"rt user 2 more hours to join us at whataburger!!!! . 
"me at whataburger at 3 am: . 
"it ain't texan approved. . 
"rt user user since you're the new owner can we get papadeauxs n whataburger at toyota center?" 
"dont sleep on them girls that love starbucks" 
"rt user dont sleep on them girls that love starbucks" 
"i honestly love el taco in plainview way better than taco bell" 
"rt user s/o to the random doc in starbucks who gave me a motivational talk to hang in there with school and dont give up. so k" 
"rt user basic white girls are shaking . 
"when he brings you panda express in bed " 
"i want taco bell." 
"papa johns is bottom of the totem pole pizza" 
"this is in but not cien almas, liv morgan, tyler bate, pete dunne, mustafa ali, daivari, lince dorado, tony nese? . 
"rt user user user too late. . 
"congratulations to our chick-fil-a players of the week for heights high school! offensive player: 3 jalen... . 
"not to brag, but my town just got a dunkin' donuts!!" 
"user heck, lobster's so common in maine, they serve it at mcdonalds." 
"rt user i've had starbucks for the past two weeks due to user and user " 
"rt user it ain't texan approved. . 
"i want some starbucks" 
"rt user texas has z-ro texas has slim thug texas has bun b texas has paul wall texas has lil keke texas has whataburger . 
"rt user kylo ren is a white dudebro who stans rick and morty and only killed han because han wouldnt take him to mcdonalds to get sz" 
"so today my sister and i went to get canes for my dad and when we were on our way home we saw him so we decided to stop at jack in the box" 
"and we got the homeless guy a meal from jack in the box cause we didnt know if he had eaten" 
"rt user looking for an out of this world adventure? user offers up aliens and the coolest user you've ever " 
"it's the time of day, to go to subway and eat by myself " 
"user jimmy johns?" 
"rt user when your dad supports you . 
"user user win or lose i'm having one of these bad boys . 
"i got whataburger my heart is complete " 
"what is this, mcdonalds for ants? . 
"i like going out and eating by myself, i don't know why. that's what i'm about to do, i'm going to get get subway. " 
"rt user i bet starbucks' sales of pumpkin spice lattes just skyrocketed today with this rapid change in weather. summoningthewhiteg" 
"just when i start to have faith in the user again they stab me in the heart with these krispy kreme truthers." 
"rt user what in the hillbilly heehaw red state country line dancing thats what i like abt texas mess is this . 
"i agree . 
"dmuser fort worth , tx" 
"i moved to a different city yesterday but i already found their chipotle so everything is going to be okay . 
". (at user in dallas, tx) . . 
"i almost called the mcdonalds i went to an told them their food or drink made me sick" 
"is called brunch . 
"dm user 2926 w 7th fort worth, tx 76107" 
"im the soup . 
"user you can almost get a cup of coffee at starbucks for that!" 
"wait they don't wtf . 
"rt user pizza hut's new delivery pouches use the same materials used in ski jackets and astronaut space blankets . 
"rt user get to a local mcdonalds for a taste of szechuan sauce, today only.. this is not a drill. . 
"rt user man grabbed 7000 pussies since 9-11 and everyone acted like they didnt know/care.. this mentality let user jared rape mino" 
"user user it doesn't look that gross! " 
"rt user had a super gross sandwich made at user &amp; ate it. gave the girl a nice tip for being so nice. ewwwwww! . 
"rt user fuck starbucks for serving peepee water . 
"rt user i want some starbucks" 
"every game! then we go get whataburger, his favorite! . 
"rt user i love how extra my state is . 
"sorry tx but boomer i've got oklahoma to take the w in this week's user rivalrybeef! who's got your vote? . 
"why was my $5 footlong from subway $7.57???!!!!!!!!!! false advertising" 
"i'm here at checkers eating a delicious chili dog" 
"rt user "the szechuan sauce fiasco proves rick and morty fans dont understand rick and morty" . via user 
"do you want free chick-fil-a for a year? of course you do! enter our first freeze contest for a chance to win. . 
"rt user when does taco bell not sound good" 
"rt user god i fucking love taco bell" 
"i'm so hungry! i can't wait to go to chipotle in a minute. i chipotle! why do you think user spirit ni . 
"rt user imagine being a teenager in subway waiting to order ur food &amp; a customer pulls a gun on u bcus he &amp; his wife felt " " 
"user user looks like he bout to beat some "slaves" for not standing for the anthem" 
"rt user kylo ren is the perfect villain for our times: a tantrum throwing, know-it-all standing outside mcdonalds screaming for szechu" 
".user promoting this random tweet might just begin the wendys twitter vs. burger king twitter feud ive alw . 
"i ain't ever eating taco bell again" 
"rt user "yea lemme get uh number 5 with a large coke . 
"rt user will mcdonalds please hire this nigga . 
"rt user new yorkers, you're doing great sweetie . 
"only bc i hate ou i've got texas to take the w in this week's user rivalrybeef! who's got your vote? . 
"sooooooo this is happened.. . 
"this is the 3rd floor of evans not starbucks at 3 pm" 
"rt user i think we all should send in droves some baby rattles , jack in the box, etch a sketches to wh to keep trump entertai" 
"texas wins . 
"show them tits babe . 
"in the fast food world, chick-fil-a is like that handsome genius friend you'll never catch up with. the ladies, teachers &amp; parents favor him" 
"rt user to the lady who paid for my user order - thank you! not for the free coffee but for the kindness given when i needed" 
"get you a boyfriend who buys you chipotle and then hides it in a place you cant reach " 
"rt user chicago activists hold subway demonstration against planned $95 million police academy . 
"user user user same so grosss" 
"rt user might fuck around and buy happy meals all month . 
"who tf is this? . 
"user user you guys not doing this at whataburger is very disappointing. . 
"user user user this blowout should be fun to watch" 
"rt user krispy kreme &gt; shipleys" 
"posted menu price- $1.94.....actual charge $1.99, guess it's bonus time for the user books! wonder what el . 
"i told josh id buy chipotle, if he cleaned the dog kennel." 
"user he should have played it safe and brought kfc. maybe sweet potatoe pie if he needed something sweet. enj . 
"does dairy queen count as a ice cream shop ?" 
"rt user this is how it feels to drink mcdonalds sprite . 
"rick and morty is great. the online fandom, and the idiots lining up at mcdonalds for fucking sauce isnt great." 
"lmfaooooooooooooooo . 
"need to call the 2nd number for braydens chick-fil-a addiction. user . 
"user user cant believe yall are still doing this, tell him to dm if he wants to beat the base its light work" 
"user literally crying in a starbucks. i cant even." 
"i want a cherry cheesecake blizzard from dairy queen !!" 
"rt user delete this . 
"my parents first visit to frisco and had their first taste of user and had to have it for both lunch and dinner today they are in " 
"someone gift me a pizza hut egift card. thx friends . 
"love user like us? text code sds to 37793 and you'll get two free krystals and a coke." 
"all day i've got texas to take the w in this week's user rivalrybeef! who's got your vote? . 
""i'd rather have kfc" - user not going to say compared to what but you can go ahead and guess smh" 
"user user -mer sooner!" 
"lol what do you mean attempt . 
"me: planning vacations and a new wardrobe. also me: finds $10 and goes to chick-fil-a" 
"rt user i have a serious addiction to chipotle." 
"puppies love whataburger too @ la grange, texas . 
"user user bro youre tripping lmao" 
"dear anyone whos ever worked at chipotle: i have a burning question. at the end of the night, are u allowed to take home a bowl of leftovers" 
""i went to nyu law!!!" says the angry white racist man . 
"just posted a photo @ sonic drive-in . 
"i've never been to panda express" 
"hey user step up... . 
"rt user i've never been to panda express" 
"user user are yall realizing that yall food sucks? and thats why yall are begging to be bought out? . 
"shoutout to ashley for buying me taco bell today u da real mvp" 
"rt user throw that soup sis! &amp; btw drunk words are sober thoughts for anyone saying "but he was drunk!" . 
"rt user keep enough kfc around so he goes for the chicken instead? . 
"user damn! lol oh well! it looks soooo good!!! i couldnt drive saturday so we ordered pizza hut " 
"rt user chick-fil-a calf at nno! . 
"rt user i made a friend in the subway. :v this is matthew christian! (don't worry, i asked if i could film him, first.) . 
"i want whataburger " 
"user user but you got it during lunch??" 
"rt user idc i want it . 
"texas also got chamillionaire, mike watts, post malone, the real selena, whataburger, buc-ees, blue bell, sxsw, ac . 
"rt user imagine bein a black person in subway ordering ur food &amp; a customer pulls a gun on u bcus he &amp; his wife felt nervous ht" 
"rt user rick and morty fans are behind the times; bojack horseman fans have been lining up at mcdonalds to get depression for ye" 
"homeless man sobs in burger king but doesn't know his photo is on facebook . . 
"dove &amp;; chick-fil-a just gon have to call me nigger to my face" 
"rt user user this post could have been 1000 times better if you mentioned whataburger, put the correct selena, removed daisy" 
"my goal in life is to meet up with user and just spend a day getting starbucks and roasting people. sounds like a day in heaven" 
"i always make a mess eating chipotle" 
"rt user bring back orange hi-c, user 
"krispy kreme donuts are harder than your first name . 
"user no one wants chicken tenders we want spicy nuggets back" 
"rt user i need one lmao . 
"you spelled chiloso and chicken express wrong . 
"rt user starbucks, fall scented candles, halloween movies, fuzzy socks &amp; cuddles. nuff said. " 
"craving 2 honey butter chicken biscuits and a chocolate shake from whataburger " 
"rt user krispy kreme donuts are harder than your first name . 
"i mean not that it's any of my business or anything, but next time you go to starbucks order a hot caramel macchiato and thank me later" 
"got high and experimented, fried chicken patties, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, sauted onions and chipotle r . 
"lights off. roommate on my bed editing photos. other roommate bought me starbucks while i fell asleep " 
"user us yesterday . 
"biked for 3 miles &amp; now ruining it with whataburger" 
"user we have whataburger" 
"you really need help if you have a mom and pop pizza spot near you and you order pizza hut or dominos." 
"rt user @ got high looks good tho . 
"subway is ridiculous...i just want a pizza" 
"*gets free meal* i pull up at chick-fil-a doors off, top down, drive thru girl sees me, pantys drop, looks at me &amp; boom free meal -brotha" 
"today i've concluded i don't like chipotle" 
"user thats my point. im expounding on the greatness that is user while pointing out in-n-out is lame." 
"rt user *gets free meal* i pull up at chick-fil-a doors off, top down, drive thru girl sees me, pantys drop, looks at me &amp; boom f" 
"definitely just went and got a burrito and then chicken nuggets from wendys. itsthemunchies" 
"rt user this sounds good asf . 
"lmao im trying to get high with my niggas and eat some little caesars pizza again " 
"taking a break to heed the siren's song photooftheday caffeine @ starbucks . 
"user what about rick and morty fans in mcdonalds just there for some sauce?" 
"me trying to order whataburger at 2 in the morning . 
"rt user when left over eggplant and smoked chipotle shrimp is just as delicious the next day food homecook " 
"perf . 
"hookemhorns i've got texas to take the w in this week's user rivalrybee! who's got your vote? . 
"rt user user 100% agree. the subway is completely messed up and he is a walking abomination towards 34k of new y " 
"rt user me when chipotle employee barely puts meat in my bowl &amp; still charge me when i nicely tell them to add a bit more o " 
"all of my problems could be solved with a pan pepperoni pizza from pizza hut, a bottle of sprite and carlos coming over and cuddling w me" 
"rt user you might've did something . 
"rt user what's this nonsense . 
"idk how yall eat whataburger." 
"rt user got high and experimented, fried chicken patties, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, sauted onions and chipotle r " 
"didnt make it to the gym and i ate user for dinner yolo." 
"user whataburger " 
"user i would love it if you bought back spicy chicken nuggets" 
"rt user id cry if someone gets me this . 
"user user user get to a bowl game then talk to me" 
"lmfao they dont have any . 
"rt user remember when subway $5 footlonged quizno til they died? kinda feel like netflix should've followed that model. . 
"helll yeahh . 
"rt user user girlfriend: i wonder if hes thinking what im thinking. boyfriend: i still cant believe user doe " 
"rt user chick-fil-a customer service is undefeated . 
"rt user am i the only one who woke up super happy this morning because of this weather? makes me wanna get starbucks and go sh" 
"ahhhh hell na def cancelled! im pissed user . 
"user user user this same sooners team just lost to iowa st....." 
"rt user ima make this sober . 
"rt user ok but where's the chick-fil-a one at?! . 
"rt user jesus christ this looks unreal. . 
"user i convince myself to buy myself starbucks every day of my life is that the same thing?" 
"user yes it is! wish we could get you some great queso up there to y'all, but at least you do have queso. good for chipotle!" 
"user krispy kreme is trash ...and my location is turned on " 
"user user user theyll be fine as long as they beat tcu" 
"all i can think about... . 
"user user omg i havent had some in forever, now i want some! :/ miss you too!!" 
"can i just get rice from panda express or what ?" 
"pizza hut is the best pizza place mmm" 
"i used to eat like this when i was high . 
"i dont feel like getting up but i want some rice from panda express real real bad or a taco .. idkno lemme go see bout that tho" 
"user taco bell or time whataburger?" 
"i just checked in at starbucks with mplusplaces download today! . 
"rt user jack just bought fans starbucks and wont let them pay him back " 
"user whataburger" 
"rt user ayee ma boy this looks amazing . 
"good job . 
"you snapped bro . 
"rt user you snapped bro . 
"user karla w the starbucks " 
"rt user user user we also got whataburger" 
"user user baker is a poor mans landry jones" 
"rt user sonic drive-in credit cards for sale on underground forums - acknowledged a malware breach - . 
"one hour remaining to join us at whataburger for dinner!!! . 
"user cmon i need money for starbucks :/" 
"what a little bitch. a man drinking a lime-a-rita . 
"i met all these young impressive men &amp; women at starbucks in dallas today. agsfutureisingoodhands i was very impr . 
"pizza hut in ruidoso new mexico and a few cold bud lights" 
"rt user mcdonalds employees have heard pickle rick, schwifty, and wub a lub a dub dub 300 times today, they deserve $15.00/hr" 
"he should be on the receiving end of plenty sexual assaults in prison now!! justicewillbeserved . 
"keep driving . 
"rt user how mcdonalds fries are made . 
"rt user haha brooke i see where u wished happy national boyfriend day to taco bell on instagram. i get it like taco bell is ur bo" 
"giant bird on a crunchy shell with a side of fire sauce. duh, obvy. . 
"and subway it is " 
"rt user when ur sister give you her birthday reward user " 
"lancaster whataburger is so slow " 
"lemme go to taco bell" 
"texas has user too :) . 
"rt user the joke that shook capitalism. . 
"rt user kfc ain't fucking around . 
"i love user it's a user kind of love. but there is no eggnog at this location and i want to cry." 
"rt user not a want but a need . 
"user can get me this because this is where we met user . 
"this made my night . 
"lmaooo the soup . 
"user user is a sub user is a sub user is a sub user isn't" 
"the lady with the soup . 
"user user update the user was great" 
"this is why youre my bro . 
"rt user new york youre doing amazing sweetie . 
"user user i like the way you think bubs" 
"so user are you guys gonna kick back any money to user or you just gonna cash in on this one?" 
"rt user ima go ahead and say i quit .. user . 
"only reason i ate wendys . 
"rt user lancaster wing stop is slow . 
"user user user user we didn't ask you. let bk and wendy's fight it out. just stop talking" 
"user user never forget about me" 
"yall the group of people whos gonna be strugglin to pay for a $2,000 car while yall workin at mcdonalds in yalls mid 20s" 
"i wish whataburger served breakfast all day" 
"besties that bring u starbucks and food are the best wow &lt;333" 
"chick-fil-a spirit night thank you for supporting phs class of 2020 lobonation . 
"good gosh that does look gross hope it tasted netter than it looks . 
"anyone down to go get some hot chocolate from starbucks" 
"i fucking love this song!!! . 
"rt user chick-fil-a spirit night thank you for supporting phs class of 2020 lobonation . 
"rt user dove &amp;; chick-fil-a just gon have to call me nigger to my face" 
"apparently the boys at starbucks are in love with me" 
"user user user i can think of at least 25 people i know who would buy this" 
"rt user need starbucks and some takis to make me feel better" 
"oak forest police investigating armed robbery at subway crime . 
"whatre the odds somebody buys me the whataburger james avery charm? pleeeaassseeee " 
"user pizza hut" 
"we had an awesome turnout at our 1st spirit night of the year at dairy queen. thank you parents, students, &amp; staff. . 
"like chipotle? wanna help a brother out? go to the chipotle in greenville this friday! show them this flyer or ment . 
"oh you gon be in there for a fat minute if you tryna order. . 
"just met a fellow clash royale player at jack in the box, my life is complete" 
"this tweet is seriously promoted by burger king im crying . 
"user trade this man!!!! krispy kreme will never be better than shipleys!!!" 
"user user user lets bet a sixer" 
"rt user i wish whataburger served breakfast all day" 
"user user user i'm down" 
"rt user passengers you're doing amazing sweetie . 
"a must have *drools* . 
"lmao why is this a user promo . 
"shipleys&gt;randys&gt;&gt;&gt;krispy kreme" 
"rt user chick-fil-a . 
"rt user user thats not the purpose of a minim wage job! working at mcdonalds isnt suppose to be a career." 
"subway got the best cookies" 
"*brunch. . 
"for those starbucks(sb)gurus out there ordering chai tea: chai is another word for tea, the sb brand literally labe . 
"user user taco bell or mcdonalds" 
"shoulda kicked his ass . 
"no....way..... . 
"naked taco from taco bell? nah breh" 
"yoo def christmas present . 
"this is user to me everytime . 
"my son 28 now got these in his happy meal as a kid &amp; we still have them! still my favorite halloween deco! . 
"thanks for the reminder . 
"rt user user user user and they didnt comp you!?!? double ouch!" 
"rt user which type of pizza is better? pepperoni or just straight up cheese? rt for pepperoni like for cheese . 
"rt user or whataburger . 
"user you prefer taco bell over taco trucks!!!!????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? . 
"burger king is promoting this im deadddddddedd . 
"thanks nuna wendys for following me on twitter! read more on . . 
"wwe 2k18 to feature kfc's colonel sanders as a playable character im dooooone lmao . 
"user user okay look we are all alive and well and we got mcdonalds too so its all good" 
"they sold out of the whataburger charms in 35mins and im mad bc i didnt get one :(((" 
"i had a two entree meal from panda express for lunch and im starving again????? explain that atheists" 
"aaaaand pizza hut goes crazy as honduras goes up 3-2 against mexico with a goal from quioto! usmnt currently in fourth" 
"rt user my life is complete, they didnt show the cocaine part but its all good . 
"user friday or saturday! lets go chismiar at starbucks" 
"user user user user bet me saul double or nothing" 
"bring me a starbucks sick tea if you a real friend" 
"rt user .user always you bby . 
"i actually want one . 
"worth it. . 
"user must be nice sitting inside of starbucks all cozy instead of sitting outside like us peasants" 
"user should i eat mcdonald's tonight??" 
"rt user play chess not checkers . 
"fuck i want some whataburger rn" 
"working at whataburger now " 
"user just visiting illy. on another note: those are the rudest people i have ever met. throwing you o . 
"i got u . 
"rt user i need it . 
"rt user for as many people who say they don't/stopped eating mcdonalds long time ago, their shit damn sho be booming all 24 hour" 
"love domino's! and i always love a deal on pizza. user . scoredominospizza" 
"user but what if i also had subway for dinner?" 
"user (1/3) 10th and final demand: i want an army of kids. good looking kids. they'll all wear hoodies that say "daddy fun"" 
"rt user i love this song . 
"at starbucks " 
"if this isnt every texas girls dream i dont know what is . 
"rt user i love this - burger king doing sponsored tweets of people complaining about wendy's . 
"user user user customization" 
"rt user not a want, a need. . 
"once again user will have pokemon cards&amp;figures! that means once again i'll collect 3/4 of a set i'll never . 
"user man that chili can't be good anymore, need to check out user chorizo burger. becoolerifyoudid." 
"user user i wonder if he got whataburger" 
"be very cautious of people who eat mcdonalds, if they don't care about themselves, i promise they don't care about you." 
"i want the whataburger charm" 
"beggars can't be choosers bitch this ain't chipotle" 
"oh and also if you hadn't noticed, i hate starbucks" 
"rt user they called my name for my drink order at starbucks, but im not answering until they say it with some goddam passion and con" 
"i'm insulted . 
"was super excited to eat my subway sandwich and opened it and saw that the guy gave me italian bread instead of italian herbs and cheese " 
"rt user user user a lot of dumbasses are forgetting that colonel sanders is not a superstar for wwe2k18 but for create a su" 
"rt user me at mcdonalds when my card declines after trying to buy a mcchicken . 
"rt user somebody open a fast food place that has everything on the menu from whataburger, taco bell, chick-fil-a, and canes bc i" 
"yes, physics takes over my life. (good news, i finally understand it.) @ starbucks . 
"user user i had ou last week covering." 
"fuckin right . 
"rt user perfect day for a starbucks date " 
"user user i high key want unique cards lol not the same cards given out at tru and found in the user packs xd" 
"lmfao . why did. user promote this tweet ? . 
"rt user i like both hard and soft tacos. i guess this makes me a bitacosexual. me flirting with a lady at taco bell" 
"rt user whoop dat ass camilla . 
"i find myself having starbucks for dinner a lot" 
"user thank you krystal " 
"texas always manages to win . 
"reminds me of my boy ricky, he died though. rip ricky id you know where thats from, ill buy you starbucks" 
"and you ate at subway, so youre a child molester. . 
"yuh america doesnt tolerate that . 
"replace chipotle with ctacos and canes with cwhataburger . 
"user i found a hair in my chipotle . 
"user i prefer whataburger!" 
"user user the big question is did you take the cheese to whataburger or did you bring the burger home?" 
"22 minutes left to go get your whataburger on broadhead rd." 
"user user uhohhh tia will be going for the sooners" 
"rt user trump supporters are gonna try to boycott eminems new album the way they did starbucks. good luck with that. " 
"should i tell the cute boy in starbucks id be ok with him talking to me" 
"rt user kfc's colonel sanders is in wwe 2k18...this is not a joke . . 
"rt user lol my gf was at my house &amp; saw i had these from user then she sent me this... what? is this for reals? huh? " 
"craving whataburger fries " 
"damn i should've waited a lil longer user . 
"that bitch.. this why i tell people not to drive off until we quadruple check our bag to make sure we got allll the . 
"fuck you user 
"rt user you aint never experienced the hot sign being on then...them hot off the presses krispy kremes like day 1 manna i " 
"ion even eat mcdonalds like that but i had to try this sauce people dying over lmao . 
"the site formerly served as a sonic drive-in . 
"everytime!! . 
"diamond families join us tomorrow, wednesday oct 11th from 4pm-7pm user see you all there! . 
"rt user quit lying to these people! . 
"user user you ate at subway, so you are child molesters. . 
"can this chipotle bowl fill the hole inside my spirit? find out next time on dragon ball z." 
"rt user fuzzys is better than torchys and qdoba is better than chipotle. i only speak in facts" 
"the soup was like the cherry on top. i luv it. . 
"i don't mean to brag, but when it comes to identifying the actors who play colonel sanders in the kfc ads, i'm easily over 75%." 
"colonel sanders in these kfc commercials always looked like a slave master to me" 
"user over there by that mcdonalds and taco bell earlier we almost hit cars i was tryna roll my window d . 
"rt user debating if i should spend my last 5 dollars on starbucks..." 
"rt user live on periscope: me and user driving to a nearby mcdonalds to pick up some szechuansauce they had left " 
"i looove this song . 
"i waited over 30 for fries at whataburger " 
"rt user i hope everyone have a good day expect the person who closed down all the jack in the boxs in lubbock" 
"rt user chipotles queso was terrible " 
"rt user thank you to whataburger for the great breakfast for our staff user ! what a nice treat! coltslead . 
"rt user the chorizo burger at user is legit!!" 
"my roommate just asked me to go get starbucks for himbbdbbabsshslakhsks i need to leave college right now. . 
"rt user me walkin into work every morning 10 minutes late with a starbucks like wuddup get the fuck out my face good morning peop" 
"free krispy kreme halloween doughnut . via user 
"rt user this why you my nigga fam . 
"rt user when you just chilling and your girl questioning you why pizza hut is texting you "miss the sausage meat" . 
"rt user i just left starbucks because no on there would help me they were too busy talking about espns ratings since everyone" 
"i dropped my phone at whataburger and it made a small crack that looks like a spider and its bothering me lol" 
"i want whataburger sooo bad rn" 
"this makes me a teeny bit happier . 
"i asked this bitch for onions at chipotle seeing they were out &amp; i was willing to wait for it, but she said nothing &amp; gave me nothing" 
"rt user cops are at wellington mcdonalds where tons of angry people lined up for hrs for rick and morty szechuan sauce only " 
"user also, the playdough donuts my kids make are better than krispy kreme" 
"yall forgot... texas also gots selena quintanilla &amp; whataburger . 
"lmao luke named ross owning wing stops and checkers. thats cute. " 
"i'm out here trynna get mala luna ready but all i can think about is chick-fil-a :(((" 
"r2 is a little scary here. he almost looks like the killer robot in the movie hardware. . 
"omg everything about jack in the box is so obnoxious. obnoxious sizing, enclosed drive thrus, &amp; they're all in someone else's parking lot." 
""i don't see why whataburger is a big deal."" 
"ugh craving subway " 
"user and me went to whataburger and saw user in the drive through then we walked in and saw user inside. crazyyyy" 
"user ily and imy, starbucks date it is " 
"we had 5 dollar med papa johns pizza here today . 
"user user do not diss wingstop like that. " 
"rt user yalls in &amp; out could never . 
"bruh.. the closest checkers to me is in houston " 
"so im going to be a taco bell sauce packet for halloween" 
"rt user y'all reallly out here eatin kfc huh " 
"rt user im from kentucky and i dont even eat that shit . 
"these are so cute to me . 
"why is dairy queen always sooooooo slow?" 
"i can never say no to subway lol" 
"jackinthebox @ jack in the box . 
"texans try the new chipotle queso!! awesome stuff (the video, not this particular queso.) . 
"user hey wendys. i just ate your food. it was a genuine treat. everything was delicious. thank you for being rad. spicychickensogewdrad" 
"user user this is fakenews. i grew up on dunkin' donuts in new england, as did my wife. we bot . 
"rt user instead of a bootycall, how about a foodycall? like, i text you at 2am and you bring me whataburger." 
"oml , they fucking tweakin. . 
"rt user mcdonalds fries don't taste how they used to when i was young" 
"user this makes me think of the taco bell night manager warning his employees a mystery shopper is coming by." 
"rt user user user boycottespn until jemelehill is fired." 
"yes. beautiful. . 
"rt user dearborn: judge tosses muslim's (frivolous) $100m lawsuit against little caesars . via user 
"rt user user this weather is amazing. i just want to roll the windows down and get a drink from starbucks and just chill" 
"i'm starving stop whataburger" 
"rt user user and me went to whataburger and saw user in the drive through then we walked in and saw user insid" 
"rt user 61. high af at subway . 
"rt user i dont like chipotle. . 
"lolololol @ anyone that has ever gone to whataburger with me . 
"rt user texas also got selena la reyna de tejano, spurs, george strait, whataburger, ciara, hilary duff, texas wins . 
"come get chipotle tomorrow and mention the ole miss equestrian team!!!! . 
"this would have been more satisfying if the racist got his face stomped on . 
"user user whataburger" 
"user how dare you sir, krispy kreme is boo boo! shipley's1 # . 
"did you get yours? the james avery and user "one of a kind" charm sold out hours after its release. . 
"i hate it when im on the treadmill and accidentally hit the stop button and go to chipotle and eat a burrito. oops user 
"so like what ever happened to lakeside dates with some whataburger? i mean i sure would enjoy it lmao" 
"me when they tell me quac is extra at chipotle. user user . 
"truly . 
"user starbucks in the am ???" 
"cant wait to eat some whataburger " 
"the james avery whataburger charm kandhsvsliacskeiveldudbs" 
"user they looked so bad i literally left for taco bell after the og" 
"lmao user paid to promote this just so they could reply to it . 
"user user y'all better lay the wood on ol mayfield... that's all i ask " 
"andcampbells soup. duhhh . 
"rt user me : i had panda express for dinner mom twitter : youre not even chinese *blocked* *subtweeted*" 
"dominoes &gt; papa johns &gt; pizza hut . 
"rt user did you get yours? the james avery and user "one of a kind" charm sold out hours after its release. . 
"user bring back spicy nuggets or ima kill myself" 
"rt user these user pins go really well with my taco bell stains! get yours today! . 
"in other news, a starbucks was found next to the truck stop." 
"rt user the city of allen is shaking . 
"user love this! brought a huge smile to my face! thankx" 
"i have to eat chipotle once a week" 
"honestly user was extra stingy with the spicy ketchup i asked like 4 times and only got 1 " 
"rt user a woman converting to islam is like a chicken converting to kfc . 
"user agree. tump continues to play chess, while everyone else plays checkers." 
"user user hahahaha oh cmon now. i'm funny. i have lots of good tweets" 
"i need whataburger tomorrow." 
"day two! restockthecharms wishcometrue user &amp; user thatarilife . 
"rt user [mcdonalds drive thru] one mcgiving up please" 
"user commercials are the food for the soul that our nation needs. that mans voice could soothe a honey badger." 
"you arent missing much. . 
"the guy at whataburger just told me to have a nice day and i narrowly avoided a breakdown at the drive thru window. usmnt" 
"whatacharm! . 
"rt user jimmy johns has a sense of humor i see . 
"hookem texasforever i've got texas to take the w in this week's user rivalrybeef! who's got your vote? . 
"you wont see me wearing this, as i much as i love whataburger and texas... this is tacky. . 
"rt user user for those who didn't get a chance to get a taste of the szechuan sauce, here's the closest you'll get. t " 
"rt user i could go for wings, chipotle, sweet tea and tutti-frutti but you know skinny girls" 
"a starbucks date on a cloudy, rainy day . 
"yeah, i like a lil weight to my donuts . 
"rt user target is not a date, mcdonalds is not a date, parked car conversations is not a date.dont play with me ok? twitter is get" 
"rt user i want good grades bruh . 
"rt user "whataburger's great, that's my happy place"" 
"this is me everytime i go . 
"whataburger spicy ketchup is the best dipping sauce known to man" 
"my first time trying pasta from pizza hut &amp; it wasn't what i expected. it was alright." 
"user user ultimate letdown." 
"user user true. not discounting that. im just saying, the mcdonalds drive thru worker isnt e . 
"not in years . 
"hahaha bye nothing will ever compare to wendys spicy nuggets . 
"callmejoannethescammer i asked for a large queso at chipotle but they charged me for a regular" 
"rt user i want chick-fil-a but i think caity and anna are dead" 
"anything i do with my woman is a date dont be bitter because no like you sis . 
"i order so many pizzas to the lib that i had to set up a pizza profile . 
"brooklyn, ny, you're doing amazing sweetie . 
"theyre already sold out . 
"user someone called him out for getting mad that mcdonalds used r&amp;m to sell a sauce when he cribbed his . 
"this makes me happy. dont take this shit anymore. . 
"rt user she should have to take a yellow cab. that way we'll see and hear less from her. . 
""may i have a cheese steak in a wrap" - nick alvaro smfh" 
"i hate when guys call me "babe" or "sweetie", but this waitress just said "you want another root beer, baby girl?", and i love her now." 
"rt user i never do nothing right for you kids. don't give yinz enough allowance, your curfew is unfair, i buy cookies from big" 
"user when he killed the railroad worker who placed his beer on the tracks the werewolf drank his beer! and sang the song!" 
"user are donut holes the stuff from the middle of the donuts? " 
"user lil pizza" 
"low key wanted to beat the pizza delivery mans old ass " 
"rt user the user new best buddy! i gave him the gameball the dude never gave up! his hat was the top of a beer " 
"drinking a berliner weisse by user @ boulevard burger &amp; brew . photo" 
"rt user 1-year-old: *reaches for my beer on the coffee table* me: fight me." 
"literally about to go buy a piece of chocolate cake &amp; milk with no regrets bc grading 150 tests is no joke and i'm crying " 
"when the lady you hunt for says sorry you didnt get a deer but i baked you a loaf of bread" 
"so i didn't find any water but i found more beer " 
""cheese and pizza do not go together" - my mom" 
"pizza and hocus pocus with these 2 beautiful ladies!! girlsnight . 
"crystal snuffer is making fried chicken, in livin" 
"rt user rolling rock is such an underrated beer" 
"stopped on frat row and donated at least a 30 rack of beer to kappasigma because this sigma alum understands the struggle gotyouboys" 
"rt user cool ranch doritos are better than nacho cheese. " 
"cheese curds disturb me" 
"user user a drop in the cup, assholes! fasting patients who think a lb of bacon is ok before . 
"just had a 5 year old call me a "dumbfuck" while delivering pizza to his house. great parenting right there." 
"what to have for supper tonight - spaghetti or cheese quesadilla with nachos??" 
"you know you're old when you suggest going out for ice cream instead of beer" 
"rt user when the pizza rolls are done (via user . 
"rt user birthdays come and go, but pizza is forever! -user . 
"rt user wvu: our special teams are awful. texas tech: hold my beer." 
"user anything with beer is better." 
"rt user i'll be thick for life. i've accepted it. i like fried food and beer too much " 
"with that garlic bread . 
"dusk to dawn chiller movies at the drive-in! so excited for classic black &amp; white horror movies! hope we make it to free donuts at dawn." 
"user wvu lotsa probably just lost my business with this $30 delivery minimum on user when one pizza is less than $10." 
"i hate getting to the point where i'm out of beer but i'm not sober enough to go get more" 
"wvu is the official cfb team of youtube vine stars, when will we be getting 5 star recruits who love tfw ur mom forgets the pizza rolls" 
"my dinner is cheese slices and pepperoni because mom didn't go shopping" 
"austin's taking me bdubs because i want cheese curds " 
"rt user october 15, 2017 national i love lucy day national cheese curd day national pregnancy . ht" 
"if beer and cookies dont solve your problems, you obviously arent drinking or eating enough." 
"wine gift set - wine and cheese - wine cork - executive gift - barware - cutting board - cheese board - . 
"beer of the night - drinking a fall american sour blend @ ardent craft ales brewery - . photo" 
"user user user a soda lifepepsi coke dr. pepper, which is it . 
"rt user we need to have a national conversation about hot nacho cheese. . 
"user she can use that tooth to open beer cans. cool trick. " 
"if i have a few people over tonight for beer pong, who would show up? " 
"user . but i double the cream cheese and the greek yogurt" 
"i started to put sour cream on my bagel instead of cream cheese so it's time for me to go to bed" 
"happy dessertday!! cheesecake, ice cream, pumpkin pie, and maybe even a few donuts sound pretty good right now. " 
"user if you win tomorrow i'll buy you a burrito and a beer!" 
"beer" 
"the best thing since sliced bread: with my strong love for greek life and inspiration, i must . 
"oh wait, this sounds amazing . 
""wanna go out for cheeseburgers and beer?"" 
"want to bake cookies but ill prob fall asleep in the process so thats a no go" 
"rt user enjoying breakfast after a successful pancake breakfast fundraiser! ladydogs nobulljustdogs user . 
"rt user buckeye brownie cookies . 
"rt user user eldorme just sayin . 
"today started with sloan krumping with a fat piece of bread and it should have stopped there honestly" 
"enjoying my first time at the peddler. beer food oldschool videogames pinball huntingtonwv . 
"rt user going to user for some dogs and root beer. . 
"user user waiting on this pizza like.... . 
"cheesy smoked sausage soup recipeeasy to make &amp; so good! owsentry - . . 
"rt user mountaineer victory cold beer warm fire mountaineernation" 
"rt user when you drop a hot dog or french fries at a ball game you feel like you've defaulted on a loan arizona beardown" 
"rt user him: whats that mouth do? me: eats a large pizza in one sitting" 
"today i slept in until 2 and then had cookies for lunch" 
"rt user good night guys!!! &amp; don't forget.... when all else fails.... eat cookies &amp; cream ice cream love ya!" 
"rt user my prediction for the rest of the season.... in cookies. . 
"me at fruth: "hi, how are you" every man over 30 buying beer: "here is my racist opinion on the nfl protests"" 
"the only time i tried them i threw away the pizza and ate the box. the pizza was slimey greasy and smelled rotten. . 
"user user hey i'll take it. who doesn't like sausage?" 
"have to find a case of these! . 
"miller lite is my new favorite beer " 
"user your heaven . 
"beer to the face time" 
"user im going to kill cheese puff if she attacks my foot again in the dark" 
"why did u chase ur beer with water? noooo i chased my vodka with beer . 
"user user and i'm sure he's charging inflated prices to the usss for their burnt steak and ketchup." 
"rt user i'm in the mood for some boy scout cookies. never mind. reality is becoming impossible to parody." 
"rt user if you're gonna shotgun a beer do it like a goddamn human being" 
"user its the principle that they contentiously lie about their holey bread. which yeah it happens but not in . 
"papa johns is the best delivery pizza" 
"had a fun day of going to the pumpkin patch, getting apple cider donuts, and then doing a huge corn maze in the dark " 
"so, there was this teenager at the marvel vs capcom infinite arcade cabinet. he is on a winning streak because he was using cheese tactics." 
"i guess i can take beer pong off my bucket list now :) daboyz" 
"i decide to challenge him, and little does he know, i'd found an effective anti-realtiy stone cheese tactic." 
"rt user not in sunny side and no whippets on the menu anymore but still the fro... (devil anse ipa) . photo" 
"x's sonic slicer and rising fire can be fired twice in succession. that makes it useful for dealing with aerial reality stone cheese." 
"my fucking lifeee give me a good cheesesteak and pizza please . 
"i ordered pizza two hours ago..." 
"this was yesterday but still remains true right now . 
"i understand why user removed bacon from potato grillers but i want it back, plz bring bacon back to potato grillers." 
"i've got oklahoma to take the w in this week's user rivalrybeef! who's got your vote? . 
"regardless of the country, there are are a few things you can always count on! user . 
"rt user your tl needs more whataburger . 
"rt user there are a lot of things wrong with the world right now, but my $5 footlong at subway always costing $8 is pretty hig" 
"talking about a subway sandwich u imbeciles" 
"the user around fenway park knows what it truly means to go beyond they actually know what i mean when i say extra everything" 
"user this trans girl's might need for ketchupy mustardy pickly oniony salty splendor has been satisfied extr . 
"my phone reception is better underground on the subway than in the grocery store. witchcraft" 
"love coffee? enter for a chance to win $30 starbucks gift card or paypal cash! - us only ends 10/12 . 
"apple, facebook, google, starbucks, and others urge supreme court to take on gay rights case . 
"rt user good morning. i believe in you. not always in our leaders, not always in the subway schedules, but always in you. you, unw" 
"rt user starbucks date w/ bae ~~ monbebeselcaday &lt;3 . 
"rt user they had a whole wwe royal rumble in the ny subway lmfaooo . 
"user no one is going to chipotle to get tacos" 
"blaze prep user starting user tonight and ending whenever we finish. chick-fil-a afterward for anyone wanting to join (bring meal money)" 
"taco bell in magnolia really needs to get their shit together." 
"user i don't trust anyone who drinks that purposely burned-for-"flavor" starbucks swill." 
"rt user [pls rt] youngjaes 25th birthday subway ad project -follow instructions for donations -updates will be below t " 
"rt user missed connection: i saw u outside subway yelling triggered! at a car with a bernie sticker and fell in love. did " 
"rt user ya wcw took a shower &amp; when she washed her ass crack she got shit on the rag without knowing &amp; washed her face afterwards.sh" 
"i want chick-fil-a so bad" 
"user user y'all ain't ready." 
"user we gonna have new trains,new street cars,new lots of buses and new long subway lines in december love max" 
"woman at mcdonalds who told me i look ready for halloween should be thankful i didn't say the same about her heavy pearly pink eyeshadow" 
"first islamic mcdonalds opens in berlin . 
"rt user taco bell launches limited edition clothing line with forever 21 inspired by iconic graphics of the taco chain. " 
"rt user you will never eat from mcdonalds after looking at it . 
"user user user so true" 
"user its people like me that take 8 chick-fil-a sauces, 2 polynesians and 3 ranches that fuck it up for the rest of yall" 
"how can u eat a bowl from chipotle without chip shit so incomplete" 
"user store 00001359 1-10 rating10 best. service 4 burger 6 fries 4 restaurant could be cleaner" 
"rt user wtg kaepernick at new job user great job dividing america &amp; nfl your mom must be so proud maga . 
"fully furnished office space for lease next to user across the street from user &amp; user . 
"user user user do you happen to know this for a fact?" 
"user user user user thats your opinion" 
"rt user apple, starbucks and others petition scotus to ban lgbtq workplace discrimination . 
"user user user user people cant hel it they cant afford healthy food" 
"placeresdelavida starbucks en starbucks argentina . 
"rt user i just want to know one thing. am i the only one who cant fucking stand starbucks pumpkin lattes???? . 
"user user have you heard this yet? "-breakin my wrist" by yours truly - . 
"rt user brawl between 40 africans breaks out in french subway . 
"user user harrumph! much as i hate to quibble online -- peet's coffee for this bay area person . 
"rt user when youre not in the mood for subway: walk into one and sniff. now you are in the mood for subway." 
"new motto . 
"rt user been had that nigga on the bench...chess not checkers. lmfao . 
"captain ds was " 
"rt user the new york city subway banned dogs unless they fit in a bag and the people of new york did not disappoint . 
"chick-fil-a is celebrating hoco week (oct. 16-20)! chs will receive $1 credit with each order if you mention, im with conway high school!"" 
"rt user i want to try the scheswan sauce! the one from rick and morty ! user hook your boy up " 
"rt user the only taco bell im going too cuh . 
"rt user my boy user was the manager at jets pizza best god damn pizza chef in the soundcloud game . 
"user go get a job at mcdonalds . 
"nah i love myself . 
"rt user now try to put up a hetero poster extolling the virtues of normalcy &amp; safety. you will end up arrested in canada. " 
"rt user i still laugh to this day . 
"i never know what to get at starbucks so i always end up with a green tea i could of made at home lol" 
"rt user who will be the biggest difference maker tonight? tnf phivscar (by user . 
"rt user tim hortons/wendy's colleagues &amp; customers celebrate ralph's hugs and dance moves as much-loved employee retires https:" 
"somebody please bring me chipotle ill smoke u out" 
"rt user the time when mcdonalds gave out good toys... . 
"user how do you feel about me enjoying these delicious buttermilk tenders from user 
"rt user [first time in starbucks in 10 years] me: i'd like coffee. barista: what kind? me: i didn't plan for follow-up ques" 
"rt user i dont think ill ever understand how people have time to play multiple guys/girls at once i barely have enough time to" 
"rt user every time i see her i want mcdonalds for some reason. and i haven't been to mcdonalds in over a year. " 
"i got 2 sandwiches from subway and the lady asked who the other one was for and i lied and said my mom. theyre both for me" 
"i'm drunk in a starbucks and i love my life" 
"rt user user holy shit. let's also get subway jared's views on the sandwich industry." 
"rt user three cheers for the farmers that allow us to make the best food of all: pizza! nationalfarmersday . 
"rt user next; jared fogle explains what's wrong with subway's new menu. . 
"user it was delicious!" 
"my dad just told me that when we ate at pizza hut the other night i ate free because it was kids' night i'm 22 and . 
"i made a point to cook food to take to work tonight so i wouldn't buy taco bell........... i forgot my food at home" 
"rt user chick-fil-a is celebrating hoco week (oct. 16-20)! chs will receive $1 credit with each order if you mention, im wit" 
"win $30 paypal cash or starbucks gc user user user . 
"when u are at subway and u want fucking lettuce . 
"love our small groups user !!!! user starbucks + momlife = a great night! ready for 6:30 to get here. momlife iconnecthere" 
"nope .. . 
"rt user my favorite thing about podcasts is how often i now see people smiling goofily on the subway because of something they're liste" 
"i'm in the running to win a starbucks giftcard thanks to user starbucks creativityislandgiveaway . 
"rt user kfc you're lucky you're not advertising chicken wings c&amp;d villain . 
"ive had chick-fil-a for breakfast 3 days in a row. life is good." 
"what a fucking moron! schezuansauce rickandmorty mcdonalds . 
"for real..... . 
"well, chipotle didn't put my guac in my bag so tonight is canceled" 
"rt user i'll be your burger king, if you'll be my burger queen - user 
"the new $5 crispy chicken quesadilla box from taco bell just gave me life, please keep making these! user 
"roll 3d6 gas damage... . 
"quee....?! . 
"all day breakfast menu at chick-fil-a . 
"rt user user since rick &amp; morty made that one-off joke about that sauce from mcdonalds, and mcdonalds promoted brin " 
"user checkers for the checker god! biopics for the biopic potentate" 
"hi, starbucks spelled my name right today. . 
"i haven't at chipotle not one time this week wtf is happening" 
"the only reason why pizza hut can compete with others is because of their stuffed crust" 
"rt user i walked into starbucks and the lady said hi baby u want your chai? and i immediately cancelled all future therapy appo" 
"mcdonalds on university so freaking slow " 
"i just ask for chick fil a sauce in the arbys drive thru because i'm embarrassing and stupid" 
"rt user who's better kfc or mcdonalds . 
"rt user jack in the box's new cheeseburger topped w/ a grilled cheese sandwich &amp; new munchie menu via user . 
"mei is a very cheerful and sort of sassy kind of girl. i enjoy having her presence of tl. can easily make friends a . 
"papa johns all the way . 
"ccs spirit week at chick-fil-a!: come into chick-fil-a conway commons and mention conway christian before you... . 
"all facts . 
"yall hook your starbucks up with ucas because they aint got nothing but attitude &amp; time . 
"young chipotle . 
"check out spongebob squarepants bendy burger king bk &amp; mcdonalds patrick plankton premiums . via user 
"user jack in the box tacos!" 
"rt user fresh, never frozen since 69 trying to cop that mixtape, better get in line grabbed a couple wings now you're tryin " 
"greatest bars from my two favorite restaurants. . 
"couple shares love of taco bell in wedding photo shoot . . 
"rt user all day breakfast menu at chick-fil-a . 
"bro wtf get off my car! . 
"what if i order something free do they give me money ???? . 
"rt user couple shares love of taco bell in wedding photo shoot . . 
"user user my two favorite eat spots rap battling is awesome. cajun and garlic parm classic wings soon. love . 
"we now have a president that outsmarts everyone he comes up against that tries to attack him they're playing checkers now he's playing chess" 
"rt user frozen beef is useful but not great for eating. user has fresh never frozen beef that is great for eating! ad https:" 
"user user hook em " 
"rt user kinda wanna look good in a bikini kinda wanna eat three burritos from chipotle kinda pissed i have to pick one" 
"user i voted no because: they will become the victims. just let them continue then next year they will be work . 
"rt user skip the fast food. health mcdonalds . 
"rt user i dreamt that i met zach efron in el pollo loco and we saved a chihuahua from cardiac arrest" 
"i'm putting in my two weeks at taco bell today lol" 
"rt user vegan enchiladas with sweet potato and smoky chipotle sauce? yes please! . 
"rt user user are spicy nuggets back yet?" 
"user i never tried it and don't care, mcdonalds is cancer for people" 
"rt user chipotle fundraiser tonight from 5-9 pm. 50% of the proceeds come back to our school. please come support santanas asb " 
"so wait... user what's your guys' reasoning for getting rid of spicy nuggets..? when they're the greatest thing since sliced bread..." 
"mfw this sub stops being about mcdonalds and israel/palestine . 
"my fucken america , my fucken people . yall need to stand up against these racists and if u see something speak up. . 
"can't beleive i'm saying this, but, user salads are actually amazing! spring mix, quinoa, onions and chicken were all so fresh! " 
"rt user watch and share user submission to the user upstanders challenge to help us win a $25k grant! " 
"actually had one of these not bad lol . 
"chick-fil-a or pieology sounds fire" 
"rt user unbalanced placement of ingredients in chipotle burrito &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; wearing red to target so everybody thinks ur an employee" 
"i also only missed 1 question on my geography test, got a $.50 refill on my starbucks, and i'm getting tacos for dinner tonight! " 
"rt user so good!! foodporn food shrimp chipotle tuna chihuahua en julianas . 
"rt user i just found this beauty at a u-bahn station in berlin: a subway map that shows the amount of passengers with line " 
"brooklyn subway passenger ejected from train by fellow straphangers after shouting racial slurs . 
"so i'm walking and i past a guy who is talking on the phone. this guy sounds exactly like the guy in the jack in the box commercials." 
"rt user enjoying a lukewarm starbucks beverage on this fine afternoon in late capitalism" 
"just adding an extra 2 cents and also since destiny 2 will be digitally published by blizzard and not dairy effing queen so yeah." 
"it's been too long since i last had user so took the family for lunch" 
"user what? no caffeinne? shocking and sadness wdayrising . 
"just came to starbucks for them to tell me they have no pumpkin syrup today ??????? how" 
"tell me why a dumbass came in the drive thru @ starbucks the wrong way &amp; almost crashed into the other dumbasses that came in the right way" 
"user user losers." 
"the phantom turd of the burger king bathroom fastfoodbroadway" 
"man yelling racial slurs on subway in new york was forced off train by passengers who didnt tolerate his . 
"hey user - your packwood creek shopping center location in visalia keeps getting slower. watching people leave from waiting 2 long." 
"the szechuan sauce fiasco proves rick and morty fans dont understand rick and morty . 
"rt user apparently the mcdonalds stabbing was not sauce related it was just a normal la mcdonalds stabbing" 
"user with the online starbucks store now closed, any advice on where to purchase torrefazione italia coffee now?" 
"user user i love user 
"user user user gm of la location gave me a number that doesn't even lead to mcdonalds. this is outrageous!!!!" 
"rt user threw him overboard . 
"user user user user and then hendricks said "you can still have whataburger, just dont have the fries!"" 
"rt user im tryna go hiking camping bowling to the beach six flags mcdonalds to sf get spooky get schwifty and eat some tamales" 
"but then we would have to go to bk. . 
"user user go to the habbit instead." 
"in serious need of a pumpkin scone from starbucks everytime i ask than ran out " 
"inspire and nurture. starbucks tobeapartner siren inktober2017 . 
"god i want a hot box of pizza hut" 
"dude in office: i'm cutting down on my portions. i only ate half my panda express last night. *thats not portion control, that's wasteful*" 
"rt user why does this sound smack right now . 
"user baconator or spicy chicken sandwich?" 
"rt user we tried to order a cheese only pizza at the pizza hut in china and they came back with this... . 
"rt user i apologize for any offense caused by my insensitive joke video where i dipped an snes classic in a cup of mcdonalds mulan" 
"rt user see, that's nice and all but what jumped out at me was the homeless guy who's been homeless for years. . 
"every single person in this panda express is eating alone" 
"rt user lmao i laugh when people hate on user like they were into coffee before they came around. muggle you were drinking folge" 
"user im not a bk lover....user has my heart but i may have to try them " 
"rt user one of the most dangerous things in this world is a cis het yt man who didn't become rich and famous like his peers. h" 
"user bring me some chipotle to work. thanks. lol" 
"rt user do you think panda express is good?" 
"rt user the lady with the soup, i salute you . 
"im so fat dude i hella want taco bell but im also trying to lose weight " 
"twittercontest where did the first chick-fil-a open in 1976? reply below to enter the chance to win a free meal !" 
"taste like normal ass chicken sandwiches . 
"a strawberry shake from chick-fil-a sounds bomb" 
"deep subway discounting. no traffic or even profitable traffic. this market sss minus 10 last week. . 
"but the burger king is closed they want us to die" 
"mcdonalds toys and cards coming to happy meals again! / read about it @ . . 
"got this 911 dispatch app and have now deduced that 80% of san francisco crime happens in a mcdonalds." 
"babe brought me taco bell to work and i didn't even know he was going to do that " 
"rt user also not as good as whataburger. . 
"i want a starbucks omg ive never craved one so bad" 
"rt user fact checkers know it's false. tax experts know it's false. wh aides know it's false. trump keeps saying it anyway: ht" 
"rt user be like krystal, stream it here. . . 
"scratch that, i neeed a starbucks" 
"taco bell doesnt put bacon in the loaded potato griller anymore. and they changed the name." 
"user user pumpkin pie &amp; a pumpkin spice frapp from user :) tmobiletuesdays contest" 
"its very rare when starbucks messes up my order, but when they do i cant stand them like bro, yall were not busy" 
"rt user user krystal about a year ago: . 
"if someone hasn't got the mcdonalds app yet just download it and register using this friend-code pls ty: nrg9b . 
"has anybody worked at starbucks and if so how was your experience? i am looking for a job but idk if i should apply there for my first job" 
"rt user take your meat to the next level with austins own chipotle bbq sauce. . 
"yu tryna have the shitters . 
"yo! green tea latte made with coconut milk from starbucks. orgasmic " 
"hey user can you guys start adding brownie chunks or user chunks to your frosty? that would be delish! pleaseandthankyou" 
"rt user chick-fil-a or in n out is the hardest decision" 
"if you are feeling adventurous, try the pumpkin spice caramel macchiato user 
"user its not so bad if you use starbucks discount coupons . 
"so i went to jack in the box. i'm getting food cause i haven't ate. i'm bout to print all these shirts. i still haven't packed, so..." 
"by the marvelous alli smith user talkingabout krispy kreme bread pudding with carmel pecan sauce! . 
"so glad to be back and making some bigmacs again. idontactuallyeat mcdonalds eathealthy . 
"if you shoot me the addy for the afterparty i'll bring del taco user 
"rt user .user on hopper ave in santarosa user . 
"the best part of pizza hut pizza is the crust" 
"we love justice . 
"user for a second i thought the mic was in the dunkin' donuts" 
"subway surf how far can u get with out getting caught . via user 
"did you know user has opened 2 stores every day since 1987! coffee . 
"user just get those starbucks brownies they are amazing!!" 
"i thought that said starbucks is so good kdjskd i was confused on how this correlates . 
"not sure why chipotle just sent me an email with an interview time for a job...but free burritos sound nice" 
"trying arbys for the first time" 
"rt user mcdonalds stunts rating: funny, in good spirit: mcflip ominous, powerful: let's mcfrickin lose it sad, embarrassing: "i'" 
"user me when i see my daughter has spent all of her money user . 
"i was going to try to make it to class on time today, but starbucks is playing my favorite 80s bangers right now." 
"rt user fact: no one is immune to taco bell induced fiery butthole." 
"sometimes when i'm bored i go on venmo world and just like random transactions. you bought your roommate burger king fuck ya here's a like" 
"almost died choking on my last user nugget couldnt even enjoy the last bite " 
"user uhhh ill buy you starbucks and food " 
"they couldn't put in liv morgan but could this. smh. . 
"user i was at the mcdonalds where someone smashed a packet of szechuan sauce and people ate it off the ground" 
"rt user if i dont get a taco bell fire sauce bodysuit from forever 21 have i even lived?" 
"how warren buffett uses user to gamify his success. . 
"rt user got leftover doughnuts? make krispy kreme bread pudding with carmel pecan sauce! yum! . " 
"i'm at chipotle mexican grill in west hollywood, ca . 
"rt user user talking to my buddy about old school szechuan sauce from mulan and mc kids for original nes... come back..." 
"rt user subway riders shove man shouting racial slurs off new york city train . 
"user user user fastfoodbroadway foot-long subway man of la mancha. . 
"rt user when u get a 10 piece nugget at mcdonalds and they only give u one sauce . 
"rt user not judging the caliber of tutoring happening beside me in this starbucks but i did just hear the tutor say "triangles come" 
"rt user want to see the differences between new york and shanghai? look at their subway systems . 
"rt user chipotle honey lime chicken user . . 
"rt user "on knees" o mighty god of saturated fat who resides at kfc, attack his heart now!!!! . 
"rt user love this song . 
"air is better today. still hot though. work fuel (@ starbucks in anaheim, calif) . 
"tried the new chipotle queso. its ok, but has a slightly weird texture to it. not sure about that." 
"i failed to stay at the starbucks, but i tried, and that's a victory agoraphobia panicattack anxiety" 
"user get starbucks more often then, i wanna see ur face more often" 
"was going to order a pizza for lunch until i looked over and saw this...why sit on a counter like this when you wor . 
"i wouldve snaked him for fun from the side . 
"rt user can't find out because user isn't open "late night" or for breakfast... . 
"rt user the burger king and i fastfoodbroadway" 
"congrats, jackie gray! winner of a user gift card in the learnstorm drawing! user user user next drawing is friday" 
"north napa target-starbucks celebrating return of power by giving out free coffee (no cream tho, went bad) . 
"i hate myself for getting addicted to starbucks" 
"we did it @ in-n-out burger . 
"something rotten! at taco bell fastfoodbroadway" 
"such a 1st world prblm.. but if starbucks doesnt have an item i ordered on the app, they should let you know before you get to the store" 
"user its not that good lol just go to kfc its the same thing... although their bread is pretty good" 
"2004 viacom/burger king spongebob squarepants patrick wrist watch with case on ebay: . . 
"otherwise it defeats the entire purpose of mobile ordering user also while im at it, need more veggie sandwich options" 
"rt user stopped at user this morning and user are still going strong! colton community . 
"rt user her: why pizza hut texting you to come over at 2am????? him: ........ her: unlock your iphone x now him: . 
"professional fact checkers investigate laterally . fakenews" 
"user don't associate taco bell with mexican food. a midget luche libre will appear and bust your knee caps" 
"come rap with dee dee king at burger records fullerton . 
"if i'm already late then ima be late late starbucks" 
"rt user value every mcdonalds ever: . 
"best bowl of soup ever. . 
"ha burger king promoted this tweet . 
"making myself study at starbucks today because i'm at the point where i'm gonna fall asleep if i touch my bed" 
"rt user seeing rick and morty fans yell about pickle rick then seeing rick and morty fans yell at a mcdonalds . 
"user hes so annoying! n he wasnt even trynna look at him til i hit em w the time n the which taco bell it was " 
"psa: microwaved taco bell is not great." 
"rt user planning for upcoming brits try american fast food video. thoughts? - chick-fil-a - buffalo wild wings - in-n-out - sha" 
"rt user psa: microwaved taco bell is not great." 
"grandma's taking back sunday lol. . 
"user fastfoodbroadway jesus christ famous star.. 
"rt user inspiring visit to drc. met with hardworking coffee farmers supported by user &amp; partner, user . 
"i checked in at starbucks on yelp . 
"*logs into linkedin and sees a guy who i graduated college with is working at taco bell* . 
"user you couldve taken a prep class but 3 nights at the library and some jimmy johns was enough for you" 
"user i miss sun chips. brb going to subway" 
"does anyone else get a small static shock from their first sip of a starbucks straw!? it happens to me every time" 
"user is a necessity rn" 
"omg. i had a heavy lunch and now im dying at work. im super sleepy. can user deliver ? partner up with user 
"why is burger king promoting a tweet towards user ? . 
"rt user when the starbucks employee writes your name wrong . 
"omg this lady just said she's "running to kfc" after she gets out the er" 
"why is this so funny why is burger king so petty . 
"tcot tlot maga ctot ocra lnyhbt kag buildthewall ccot shrimp with chipotle-bourbon butter . 
"ugh i envy you! ive been craving this all week . 
"my mom just told me she wanted chipotle and i jokingly replied back "you got chipotle money?" she went tf off oops." 
"rt user they need to build a chick-fil-a in gt" 
"user i saw a video rn of a grown man jumping up and down on the counter at a mcdonalds demanding sezuch . 
"every time i go and get my meds i buy a scratcher and won $10 and use that to get taco bell. no joke, 4th time in a row now " 
"how do i get a chipotle bogo coupon. someone help" 
"user user instead of doing achieve3000 everyday" 
"rt user user user user promoted by burger king. i am dying. . 
"good on mcdonalds for bringing back honey and honey mustard" 
"rt user please show your support of our trojan program by stopping @ chipotle on stockdale hwy this sat between 5-9 . 
"starbucks should have student discounts" 
"user user user we could make trumps iq test based on reading kfc &amp; mcdonalds menus and he . 
"i love logging into . and seeing racist people get what they deserve lol pure entertainment . 
"the guy jumping on the counter at mcdonalds is completely staged. dude films it at perfect angel, nobody in the way, plus its... too perfect" 
"she knows... . 
"rt user god i love brooklyn . 
"makes sense that user would only have 20 szechuan sauce to be sold, still getting 1 sauce for my damn 20 piece." 
"user i need a chick-fil-a in camarillo plz &amp; thx" 
"rt user while a whales diet mainly consists of small schools of fish and other crustaceans, they occasionally enjoy some taco be" 
"what's that facts! . 
"rt user del taco is better than taco bell. del taco is better than taco bell. del taco is better than taco bell. del taco is b" 
"user user user nah buying it from other companies or making it yourself is got dumb dumb . 
"lrt as a mcdonalds worker i approve" 
"dove and chick-fil-a going just have to call me a nigger to my face " 
"rt user szechuan-mcdonalds riots of 2017 is one of the most shadowrun backstory phrases ive encountered." 
"rt user furthermore i am suing mcdonalds and china to officially change the name to harmon sauce . 
"tru life i'm addicted to chick-fil-a" 
"rt user nerds are bullies now . 
"fastfoodbroadway west side burger king" 
"rt user food taste better when the chef angry . 
"rt user going to axugsummit? tell us your most challenging dynamics or bi issue, and get a free $50 starbucks card: " 
"i want coffee bean or starbucks super bad you crave everything when you cant afford it " 
"user user user user = checkers user = 4d chess" 
"how long until you have szechuansauce? . 
"this huge black dude just served me the fattest chipotle bowl of all time" 
"rt user homeless man sobs in burger king but doesn't know his photo is on facebook . 
"i loved it when she threw her soup at him, so satisfying . 
"rt user must be a queen for me to even talk to you in the first place cuz im eating hibachi and some yall deserve taco bell" 
"newsflash. if you yell n***** long enough, someone wl beat u up . 
"subway surfers, hack &amp; cheat subwaysurfers agenda2018 matt canavan pokemongobot . " 
"user who cares about women? its all identity politics! lets raise the starbucks barista wage to $39 a . 
"rt user .mcdonalds, chobani and facebook on social food cues (and szechuan sauce) foodporn . . 
"what..... . 
"i want panda express" 
"user with no time for adjustment so it can immediately emotionally fragment our hindus. sis is correct as a "b . 
"mayb fast food really is poison i felt sick bc i hadn't eaten then i had a 1300calorie taco bell meal and i feel the same if not a bit worse" 
"rt user gilbert arenas went from self anointed american hero yesterday to a 3 on the long john silvers value menu . 
"user another mcdonalds out of schezwan sauce?" 
"i swear to god user has to have the worst customer service ever. i don't know why i even go back " 
"user this is still the same line mcdonalds uses now, yes? i remember them having to say it over and over w . 
"user where should i eat for lunch tomorrow? retweet for user like for user 
"user taco bell got some shit del taco undefeated tho" 
"rt user if you eat tacos from jack in the box you don't love yourself" 
"rt user incident at starbucks in chicago: . via user 
"rt user chess not checkers snapjitsu" 
"user can you please teach your employees how to use adjectives? they couldn't describe your s'awesome sauce. " 
"$100,000 isnt a lot of money not everyone works at taco bell" 
"rt user are you from starbucks because i like you a latte " 
"today marks one year with user " 
"and let me guess, i'm still only going to get 1 for my 20 piece nugget. . 
"the only mexicans that some of these americans want are the ones that keep produce cheap and making the fake ass chipotle burritos" 
"user if i beat you again at pool, buy me starbucks" 
"user user they both flame but i'm fucking wit del taco more burritos untouchable" 
"rt user check out amazing photographs of the user subway project &amp; hear from the photographer who captured them. " 
"double chicken burrito from chipotle is the shit! but damn does it cost." 
"rt user we are in a stupider timeline than the fictional tv one that is defined by its pointlessness and nihilism. . 
"rt user um yes we hanged out with jack for an hour in starbucks. it was his idea. be happy for us." 
"welcome to user where the average person doesn't have $1000 saved, but 100k isn't a lot of money . 
"fuck! i just left subway without grabbing my chips yo this the worst" 
"grand central-42nd street (new york city subway) to 60 hudson street by line 4 subway, line 7 subway, line 2 sub... . 
"user user user this man is a muthafuckn dummy! even del taco wet burrito dry den the mojave desert " 
"nothing worse than watching new hires @ chipotle disrespecting your burrito or bowls proportions...and then tasting . 
"panda express fundraiser is tomorrow. help raise funds for school pta to organize more events. zankerpta pta . 
"and r&amp;m fans consider themselves smart.....fucking idiots . 
"done with work. starbucks then what to do?" 
"user beggars can't be choosers, bitch this ain't chipotle" 
"and consumer preferences . 
"rt user arby's has beaten wendy's . 
"i'm praying for all my niggas who think del taco is better than taco bell, ion think y'all gone see 25 with this type of thinking " 
"rt user let me hold that then. . 
"rt user how user uses vr to design stores: designers now can walk a store, see what its going to look like kevin " 
"i can vouch for the deliciousness of this dish. . 
"a racist just shouted the n-word on the subway and immediately got what he deserves . via user 
"rt user love that one of seattle's biggest non-tech success stories ($sbux) is now a digital retail leader too . 
"user so is not cutting pizza a new thing? . 
"rt user thats a big freakin mcdonalds . 
"found this absolutely gorgeous car at a starbucks that has a supercharger in it. . . 
"user let's get chipotle" 
"thanks to user and her starbucks store across the country, justin and his division are . 
"user white castle" 
"at mobe17 user discussing plague in subway story . 
"i'm at starbucks in garden grove, ca . 
"user user user this is pathetic krystal. just fucking pathetic. blaming hillary for sexism." 
"in a span of three weeks, starbucks opens three new locations in the high desert . 
"who mans is this....trying to talk shit with a lime-a-rita in his hand . 
"rt user at mobe17 user discussing plague in subway story . 
"rt user fastfoodbroadway beautiful: the burger king musical . 
"creeper. orsomething orderingatstarbucks maybehesplacingamobileorder @ starbucks . 
"ceo of at&amp;t in mexico kelly king on our wireless work in mexico city's sprawling subway . . 
"user user user youre not wrong." 
"user user what would his finisher be called? the pressure cooker?" 
"it really is compared to whats out there. sorry not everyone works at taco bell or mcdonalds. . 
"both are . 
"user user user user this was posted in february..." 
"rt user fmr liberal msnbc host krystal ball admits hillarys silence makes us all look like hypocrites! surprised? no https:" 
"pleeease. . 
"rt user racist ass gets kicked off subway . 
"del taco is a lifesaver" 
"user throwing a jack in the box cheeseburger into to ceiling?" 
"you sound like you hang around people who work at taco bell because i hang around millionaires and a they aren't le . 
"damn that lady even wasted her broccoli and cheddar soup (which you know she was looking so forward to eating) on t . 
"rt user them hoes hit when you high . 
"rt user do it for the team! today at signal hill chipotle 4:30pm-8:30pm. tell em your supporting lb poly baseball!! . 
"my first job was at jack in the box" 
"bloombergtv starbucks ceo kevin johnson says the tech industry and coffee industry have a lot in common . 
"i havent had starbucks in while" 
"not too many taco bells in san francisco . 
"also tell them you're there for evan seal! . 
"rt user we did it, yay. first place in both polls of aaa, and now we have won the 1 month bd subway ad for chanyeol. " 
"i'm craving krispy kreme" 
"just got a chipotle burrito with shockingly few ingredients. this burrito belongs in a dickensian orphanage" 
"rt user here you go lmaoo . 
"rt user user from user counters poor headlines in nyc after unnecessary subway anthrax scare in general publi " 
"not a lot in newport beach either . 
"there's a group of girls at starbucks looking for a hubby on the llu med potpourri " 
"is the queso at chipotle good???" 
"rt user the next pizza hut pizza that arrives at your door should be hotter -- up to 15 degrees hotter " 
"i liked a user video . kermit the frog gets a blowjob from angry mom in mcdonalds drive thru!" 
"you can now buy your very own subway countdown clock. . 
"all sports in my town got cancelled today so everyone in sports just went to taco bell instead so there's like 40 kids in taco bell" 
"rt user i took an edible yesterday, went to burger king, slept till 3pm and still found time to address harvey weinstein." 
"come support el modena football (user at chipotle today (10/10 from 4:00-8:00 p.m. dominatetheday . 
"everyone in starbucks is ready to quit their job" 
"it gets so crazy at starbucks but its customers who appreciate our hardwork that keep me sane " 
"there is a fat elephant sitting on america and i think it's time to address it .. user we want orange hi-c back now" 
"ext. subway parking lot: a man who prob has a daughter: hey sexy mmmmm!! me: two dogs pissed on me today and i didn't even wash my hands." 
"i went to mcdonalds and they still had the "were all out of szechuan sauce" sign up am i dreaming" 
"user user my point is that the reason it got popular was because it was from mcdonalds in spec . 
"boonk gang my ass to taco bell " 
"carls jr. is begging amazon to buy it on twitter and people think its a bitdesperate . 
"rt user when you ambulance chase on social, you awaken the karma kraken. somebody's about to find a fidget spinner in their " 
"i had a gross teriyaki bowl from jack , half a jimmy johns sandwich nd now im sitting at my desk with a bag of hot cheetos nd bbq chips " 
"rt user welcome to user where the average person doesn't have $1000 saved, but 100k isn't a lot of money . 
"craving a chocolate smoothie from starbucks sooooo bad" 
"how new yorkers reacted to subway riders racist, drunken rant (video) . . 
"rt user superfan user has created this incredible subway map of the bannersaga world! nicely done, nafeij! " 
"my chipotle voice is a different person tbh like whomst is that happy bitch???? i dont even like people that much" 
"pumpkin isnt the only spice to eat this fall! we have savory, creamy, &amp; spicy flavors from chipotle style rolled t . 
"8 things that annoy starbucks baristas and 1 thing that doesn't. . 
"lookin like a $5 box from taco bell . 
"rt user crine . 
"gain the skills to get your careers cooking - join the boston market team. . fastcasual ranchocucamonga, ca job" 
"this video gave me so much joy . 
"rt user i've been a flower subway proponent, but only recently realized what a major benefit moving blue-expo xfer to washington woul" 
"rt user i take too many photos in starbucks bathrooms, i'm trying to pretend this is sanitary but i know i'm disguising . 
"mom gave me this taco bell nachos with all this stuff on it and i cant bring myself to eat it somehow" 
"rt user 146. high at subway . 
"user but taco bell is good " 
"user i barely even go to wendys at that lol" 
"rt user come support hhs wrestling today from 5-9pm at the chipotle on tyler! . 
"day two: user black and white photo challenge. as my mom calls it, my mecca, user . 
"chipotle fundraiser tonight! be sure to go and support! . 
"user i don't even get an "i love you too" i'll take that ass to jack in the box for some tacos" 
"the lion burger king fastfoodbroadway" 
"i did know a guy who worked as one of harvey weinstein's assistants over a decade ago. no juicy stories, though. ju . 
"someone come to my dorm and bring me starbucks im stuck here until i finish my midterm" 
"user ironic that the psa about subway etiquette starts with the main character boarding without letting people off ;-)" 
"rt user nagisa: we'll take this place over ohii-san: yes we will make everyone bow to us! ibara: they'll be crushed to dust! m" 
"2017: the year of mcdonalds sauce think pieces." 
"user user for real love their target demographic " 
"user i do the same thing when kfc gives me an extra drumstick." 
"rt user twitter created the most addictive and socially transformative product of our generation and turned it into a $2.5b " 
"pretty sure i'm addicted to taco bell's cinnamon twists" 
"user i was going to guess young taco bell" 
"hmmm, interesting... we need to start promoting healthyfood choices in our fashion rather than high-calorie . 
"user user this is disgusting" 
"everything you ever wanted to know about starbucks macchiatos . via user 
"user is this about a starbucks customer cause im gonna be mad if it is" 
"rt user this is why user venison sandwiches aren't illegal in alabama . . 
"user young pizza for some asshole in florida that got into my dominos account" 
"user get me taco bell too mail that ish to colorado :^)))" 
"young pizza for some asshole in florida that got into my dominos account . 
"rt user do you think if i cry directly into into my shitty chipotle the spirit of durango will get absorbed and it will magically" 
"rt user user must be a chipotle thing bc people always be standing in my fucking bubble in line too.. like chill fatty youll get" 
"someone put onions in my filet-o-fish so now im pissed mcdonalds ruined my fave junk meal and i have bad breath." 
"i want starbucks and pizza " 
"user mine is young taco bell" 
"user lol thats what $13 of taco bell does to you" 
"i can definitively say, the taco bell in ferdinand, indiana is the absolute worst taco bell in this country" 
"lmao u right . 
"user do more videos with your keyboard. i've watched the pizza hut demo disk video around 70 times because of the sick jams in it" 
"user store manager denied benefits with crohns disease . stepupstarbucks and do the right thing" 
"you ever fucked a toasted subway footlong just to not feel alone?" 
"user user remember that one time you ordered a cheeseburger ketchup only and it was just bun and ketchup?" 
"user user honey mustard" 
"rt user a dollar menu at chick-fil-a . 
"racism as part of the identity politics game is like playing checkers while the jewish syndicate plays chess. they are so far out in front." 
"rt user chick-fil-a better than canes dont @ me" 
"rt user the guy at chipotle said i look like yukon cornelius. what a fucking compliment honestly . 
"i dont know the guy that was working at chipotle but he gave me a free burrito so hes definitely invited to my wedding now" 
"subway is the land of inconveniences" 
"attn: lifting heavy has exploded. chaos will now occupy participating dunkin donuts locations. line up for extremities enhancement." 
"store manager goes on loa for chrons user denies it. stepupstarbucks . 
"i really want taco bell" 
"i would go to chipotle just for their water" 
"young taco bell . 
"rt user well that's 22 mins away and it's bottom of the 9th for the nationals. look at us world we have a pumpkin for a su " 
"user texas loves your venison sandwiches! . 
"***$1200/wk* -- "aust. $$$ xpress? -- "ozzie": "even - our centre - "mcdonalds - swanston st" -- "not here! -- "ph . 
"arby's releases venison sandwiches, tests out limited edition elk sandwich for huntingseason . 
"rt user laying in the bed, eating mcdonald's watching netflix and playing uno is a perfect date . 
"rt user ive eaten more taco bell since ive been in college than i have my entire life leading up to going to college" 
"happy happy birthday love you bunches and i hope your day is filled with happiness and endless amounts of taco be . 
"rt user check out this terrible pumpkin i saw on the counter of the gas station subway. please enjoy it . 
"user user me every time i go by the starbucks on campus " 
"rt user alaska fried chicken? in the uk, every state is fair game for a kfc knockoff one data scientis... " 
"love you!!!! miss you so much babe . 
"user is an angel for taking me to whataburger to get my chicken....honey...butter....biscuit" 
"rt user 12 year olds are having sex and i can't even order in mcdonalds without panicking" 
"rt user so i just had my first cheese curd at user and it was good! cheesecurdday ad . . 
"rt user people who say subway sucks are mad dumb, you make the fuckin sandwich lmaooo" 
"user you have a reputation of treating partners well. why not in this case? stepupstarbucks . 
"i got rly drunk and ordered taco bell online and my door dash delivery guy laughed at how fucked up i was" 
"rt user i'm sorry you had to go through that . 
"rt user "admittedly im not always the best at this (hello, massive airport mcdonalds)..." . travel " 
"rt user user young chick-fil-a" 
"rt user me: *eats chipotle* me 2 hours later: . 
"that spicy chicken sandwich from checkers is perfection" 
"fair warning to everyone: chick-fil-a tortilla soup is very spicy " 
"craving taco bell sooo bad rn" 
"rt user they look like an ad for a terrible karate academy that's next door to a little caesars . 
"rt user /am/ rt for followan? -krystal" 
"user user user mcdonalds knows not to feed the troll " 
"no surprise that not surviving on starbucks has benefits, but i'm so used to being constantly exhausted.. this change in a day is wild." 
"rt user user user 2017 literally just go so much spicier. 10-piece spicy nuggets are here at bk starting 10/12 for $1." 
"promoted by burger king . 
"user in custody huh? did they stop at burger king before bringing him in?" 
"starbucks cranberry bliss bars copycat recipe via user 
"im connor and i endorse this message. . 
"chick-fil-a should train other restaurant's employees. start with them checkers employees &amp; smaller businesses like snappers ." 
"i have become physically &amp; emotionally dependent on starbucks iced green tea latte" 
"come out to user off cortez between 5:00 &amp; 8:00 to support manatee basketball." 
"weve got so much work to do. . 
"rt user burger king is petty for paying to promote this tweet. . 
".user user vote for your matchup in this week's subway fridaynightblitz game of the week: . 
"rt user mcdonalds proved that rick and mortys smartest fans have no idea what the show is about . 
"rt user man points gun at mcdonald's worker on constitution blvd over wrong order . 
"rt user mcdonalds testing a new burger! . . 
"i eat user burgers knowing full well what the future ramifications of my health will be. they are that good!" 
"chick-fil-a has the best milkshakes, dont @ me" 
"user so you can bring back szechuan sauce but not the mcrib? por qu no los dos?" 
"rt user the president is a nazi and the rich are trying to kill us and you ridiculous fuckers are protesting for bbq sauce . 
"if you dont favor papa johns over other pizza chains, ur sleep" 
"it's been like a month since i had chipotle. my addiction is broken " 
"been like a month since i had chipotle. my addiction is broken " 
"rt user i'd better not ever see anyone make fun of things teenage girls like after seeing the absolute state of the respons " 
"why do people come to subway ... bitch go to the store and make your own damn sandwich lazy fucks" 
"the promoter tho? . 
"kfc in jamaica is sooooo good. ugh. i wish all yall in the states knew how good it is. " 
"rt user y r we hearing about a toronto-area isis jihadi from 2016 only now? and that too from us? y was this hidden from us https:" 
"wendy's on yelp: my wife and i went there yesterday and got food poisoning, i am calling the health department to . 
"i love chipotle aioli so much." 
"rt user 2 great harmony hollow episodes recorded today! 2 left to do, then 3 one life videos! but first.... mcdonalds is calling" 
"this is the definition of new york values . 
"user user i actually used to work at taco bell kfc also when i was 16. so and" 
"check out this photo of wendy's on yelp . 
"bitch i just got free taco bell" 
"win a $25 starbucks gift card! go to our facebook page and check out our latest giveaway! . afregives realestate" 
"its as if user realizes its a lifestyle publishereven if that style is so lowbrow its falling off ur fac . 
"new starbucks magic kingdom tumbler has beenreleased . . 
"user just made a twitter got any idea what to do on this app?" 
"user every university chick-fil-a" 
"mcdonalds mobile ordering is in orlando " 
"rt user roomkitchen-no foodmcdonalds-no moneyback to room . 
"user you have me craving subway but the way my money set up that $30 need to last till next week" 
"rt user car wash coming up!!! douglas drama will be washing your cars at wendys oct 14t from 8:30 to 2:30!!" 
"ive ate mcdonalds for 20 years and still weigh 10 pounds . 
"rt user come for ivana trump ranting about her furs, stay for the bizarre taco bell and michael jackson references: . 
"subway had the wrong jared. user user user user user user user user user 
"is forever 21 really trying to make taco bell fashion?" 
"open daily from 8 am to 2 pm, our on-site starbucks is the perfect spot to get a front row seat to the rebuilding o . 
"just saw a guy get a large pepsi at panera bread, is this real life?" 
"user right! chipotle: way to go burritonian. look out for a free chips &amp; queso w/ entree purchase offer coming your way on 10/10." 
"rt user looks like someone is happy that the new subway just opened in bannerman crossing!! stop by and see some smiles! " 
"bro user really rap battled wing stop on here lmao legendary" 
"rt user when youre at starbucks and they spell your name wrong on the cup: . 
"burger king being shady??? lol . 
"news via foxnews "burger king's new spicy nuggets are a direct attack on wendy's" . . 
"rt user someone give me one good reason why starbucks isn't on ubereats" 
"somebody bring me chipotle " 
"*walks in starbucks w/ 30% phone battery* oh no, all the seats next to outlets are taken *sits down &amp; stays on phone* ohhh nooo...." 
"user i have a friend in burlington and he said the only taco bells are combod with kfc cuz kfc brings the aver . 
"user dude. i recently binge-watched all the subway commercials. i did *not* see that surprise twist coming!" 
"harvey weinstein once masturbated in front of me, too. i was on the subway, so i just tried to ignore him like everyone else. too soon?" 
"sbarro: free xl ny slice of pizza with drink purchase + more when you join the slice society . coupon" 
"this fire zone is kfc everyone in america runs it. the all american pass rush stunt - god freeman" 
"chipotle is poo poo . 
"rt user taemin: can we stop by mcdonalds for dinner jinki: no kibum is making food at the dorm taemin: i hate this fuckign " 
"rt user lmfaooo why is burger king so petty?! . 
"coco dulce de leche cupcake at disney's hollywood studios user trolley car cafe coco pixarcoco disney . 
"cute!!! . 
"user that's why i mentally ill people in hollywood should stay out of politics. you're playing checkers again . 
"u all have something to say about mcdonalds workers but u all stay eating there tho?? lmao" 
"user user or smorc" 
"rt user burger king gotta be the dumbest fast food i've ever seen . 
"also i will pay for ur taco bell after the show if u allow me to stay with you" 
"good move. . 
"see our latest plainview, ny job and click to apply: restaurant manager-panera bread - . hospitality hiring" 
"user pedos have to stay so many yards from public schools. now jon senning will have to stay an equal distance from user 
"rt user is there r34 of the little caesars man" 
"is it too much to ask for a user in gainesville?" 
"i'm gonna get married inside of a chipotle" 
"i just poured a half bottle of wine into a chick-fil-a cup cause i didnt want to do dishes later lazy" 
"conspiracy theory: mcdonalds only did 20 packs per store to ensure publicity in order for people to care abt them again" 
"shoutout the barista who made my coffee user its like they knew how much i needed it." 
"rt user ah yes finn wolfhard, not as good as kfc but still nice . 
"rt user user user me calling little caesars on your ass after seeing this . 
"rt user join us tomorrow at chipotle!! mention jsa or present this flyer so that we can get 50% of the proceeds. hope to se " 
"rt user you busy having rap battles.... you need to bring back spicy nuggets user 
"rt user after taco bell . 
"user user user sometimes people want to look at a dude spasming screaming im pickle rick and *n . 
"10 piece for 1.49? what kinda chicken are yall using... . 
"so thats not the glaze from a krispy kreme then? stupidquestionsaboutsex" 
"support whs dm at chipotle on thursday, october 19th from 5-9 pm! . 
"tbh i miss working for starbucks" 
"fiveguys and starbucks totally go together.. right? cause this is my dinner and i don't care. i do what i want. . 
"rt user 2weeks till chipotle night for rhs xc @ port richey location. oct 24 4-8pm" 
"rt user missing wendy's spicy chicken nuggets? have it your way at burger king . . 
"craving checkers fries right now so bad.... had to take a nap to prevent poor decisions" 
"user user strawberry vanilla swirl would be cool" 
"rt user want a sneak peek at the f21xtacobell collection? watch taco bells first fashion show with user live on ins " 
"@ me if you have a dunkin donuts near you and visit it often" 
"my lymphoma warrior! chipotle is donating proceeds to leukemia and lymphoma society tonight. cancersucks . 
"keep y'all head up have faith. be strong.xoxo mwauhz-m$.honesty isidorenation babescakes teamhonesty . 
"shots fired user . 
"rt user arbys just use anime as a promotion with inyuasha! . 
"kfc puts food on the table. quite literally. they don't want to throw it out." 
"user that you? . 
"rt user help user win $2500 from user tweet w/ xlosceolahsentry! listen to footballfridays on user " 
"spending 24$ at burger king on myself imhighasshell" 
"i liked a user video . incident at starbucks in chicago" 
"whataburger . 
"user yeah, yeah, sure. /i/ have an expired taco bell coupon that's been stuck in my wallet for 3 years . 
"rt user i still wanna try the unicorn frap from starbucks" 
"happening now!! spirit night at chickfila on palm bay road! chick-fil-a at palm bay road" 
"i just checked in user with mplusplaces download today! . 
"why am i just now seeing a panda express opening in winter haven?????" 
"rt user yo we back with the fire content! new vlog is up! mcdonalds entire menu! rt for a shoutout! . 
"he threw him onto subway tracks, and kept others from rescuing his screaming victim, police say . 
"salads from chick-fil-a are liiiifeeeeee" 
"rt user ad-new spin on a potato medley. rediscoverlamorena . vivalamorena user chipotle ga " 
"user i had to google "timbits" b/c apparently i'm an uncultured southerner. but, make that one "hot" krispy . 
"damn... . 
"got the crib feeling like chipotle . 
"user user that bad? i've never had one. give me costas or starbucks any day" 
"panera bread now delivers in orlando user happydance . 
"user i see the burger king now" 
"caramel apple spice frappuccino from starbucks it tastes like apple pie! . 
"user you right. im out there with my laptop, starbucks style" 
"rt user fucking love being from new york. . 
"mac n' cheetos moving from burger king into grocery stores. . foodandbeverage" 
"lmao facts . 
"more bucks starbucks available now at . . 
"rt user free nuggets or i'm taking my appetite to wendys . 
"i just got my chipotle for free and if thats not a blessing i dont know what is" 
"burger king out here bringing the heat . 
"user user user hello world! i'm a new picasso. give me a manager and a pressconference. . 
"rt user even bad moes is better than good chipotle" 
"rt user penn state fans: buy any papa johns pizza at regular menu price and get a 2nd of equal or lesser value for free starting t" 
"user he'd spend the whole match asking you the rules &amp; insisting you play him at checkers instead." 
"enter for a chance to win a starbucks gift card from user giveaway . 
"user user noooooo! if thosebitches want vegan, take their azz 2 "sweet tomatoes!" eatberry&amp;nutzuser damnhouse! . 
"oh shocker the subway is delayed . 
"passengers forcibly removed a man from the subway who claimed he was a lawyer for repeatedly screaming the n-word. . 
"i need the starbucks by my house to open already" 
"i want a strawberry milkshake from chick-fil-a again " 
"lol this just came across my feed. user and user about to start wwiii" 
"user user user wendy said "we've gotbeef fuckmcdonalds!" haaaaa! i'mgoing2wendy's! theygonna messup . 
"anyway i want otis spunkmeyer cookies and krispy kreme donuts." 
"if anyone is in fiu and can bring me a lattes from starbucks, i will very much appreciate it " 
"rt user attention! everyone please come out to chipotle from 4-8 pm to support you goleman sga user . 
"candy canes . 
"user user pro tip: you can exchange your fries with a side salad when you order a meal. delicious and healthy!" 
"lowkey triggered cause i fuck up some taco bell at 3 am after a show or when the squad bugged and we got the munchi . 
"rt user upstanders, a user original series: stories of extraordinary courage in unexpected places " 
"user ole drunk ass . 
"rt user thank you user and user for naming us your team of the week! read more . cpride" 
"reminded me of when i was a kid i was so obsessed with those batman cups i mean i was like 11 lol . 
"when chipotle knows that their queso is ass so they don't even bother to give it to me when i order it... triggered user 
"rt user publix subs are waaay better than subway don't @ me" 
"rt user when chipotle knows that their queso is ass so they don't even bother to give it to me when i order it... triggered user 
"user how many job ready children are coming out of high schools, 21st century jobs, not burger king ready gr . 
"rt user user its all about del taco " 
"tell my why apple jack is always an afterthought? mlp user . 
"how a szechuan-flavored disaster hurt rick and morty way more than mcdonalds . 
"rt user a big decision user recently made chipotle burrito funny wife video . 
"rt user i think id rather have a tmobileonesie, user . 
"an years supply of chick-fil-a sauce would be awesome user :)" 
"join the sonic drive-in team! see our latest job opening here: . sonic hospitality beaufort, sc hiring" 
"hey everyone! im krystal tweeting from the peach state! chatsnap . 
"rt user woke up to a racist getting his ass handed. it's a beautiful morning . 
"omgggg, pleaseee those were bomb . 
"rt user kfc becomes a status symbol in ghana, with obesity and diabetes rates already soaring. . 
"5 cool facts about chick-fil-a . 
"recallkemp petition will be at starbucks at sandy plains &amp; shallowford rd tonight only from 7 pm to 7:30 pm ga06 cobbcountyga briankemp" 
"papa johns has a fkn pizza tracker now welcome back to the family papa" 
"did you know we are now brewing starbucks coffee at our cyber cafe? take a seat and play a game of chess!... . 
"rt user loooooooooooooooooooooool chick fil a would never do that . 
"man if you go to chipotle &amp; get tacos i disown you. bowl w/ free tortillas all day. . 
"i want starbucks." 
"oh deer, user (via user . 
"the only fake nuggets i ate . 
"i'm at chick-fil-a in atlanta, ga . 
"welcome to trumps america . 
"guykawasaki-&gt; hidden life of the starbucks mermaid . guy kawasaki (guykawasaki) october . 
"rt user oh my god ansley did u see the taco bell and forever 21 collab i cannot wait to buy a shirt so people know i enjoy eating" 
"rt user again...phoenix are rising! . 
"rt user taco bells fashion collab with forever 21 is here see the whole collection . fashionwee . 
"i drew a dog i saw on the sidewalk while waiting for my mcdonalds . 
"rt user burger king out here promoting slander lmfao . 
"rt user recallkemp petition will be at starbucks at sandy plains &amp; shallowford rd tonight only from 7 pm to 7:30 pm ga06 cob" 
"this is me. im the boyfriend. . 
"we gotta go get some happy meals for a litten user ... . 
"rt user i walk over a subway grate and my skirt sexily blows up in a gust of wind, revealing my six lanky beetle gams." 
"rt user fact: if you start the day out with chick-fil-a its proven that youll have a better &amp; brighter day" 
"rt user have lunch or dinner plans today? it's give back day at every chipotle in georgia, and proceeds benefit us! . 
"rt plz taco bell/kfc needs adult brooms for dothan, al!!! badback . 
"krystal is launching a seven-week-long celebration that will award some lucky buyer of a coke zero drink $1 million. . 
"user -promo you have on your page and hanging in the window of the drive through is no longer valid and i pd full price..." 
"the cutest guy walked into chipotle and i didn't shoot my shot. smdh why am i like this???" 
"build a subway sandwich and well reveal your secret sexy talent . found viewbe.com" 
"perhaps good idea but chick-fil-a is healthier to eat at. . 
"user we apologize, tony. please email us more details about your visit to socialmediauser &amp; we will make it right." 
"rt user go to school kiddo . 
"someone come to my job w/ starbucks pls" 
"autofeatures spied! mid-engine corvette prototype caught at mcdonalds . . 
"cookin meals for the rest of the week. some surprises for the fam...mango chipotle chicken with collard greens and spanishrice mixingitup" 
"rt user fuck that white guy for trying to shield him. yall literally be protecting racists thinking youre doing a good th " 
"user sorry to hear that, scott. please email us more details about your visit to socialmediauser &amp; we will address." 
"rt user my queen user dont fuckin play that, hope the soup was scorching too! . 
"forever 21 thought outside the bun and launched a collab with taco bell . 
"rt user not only can you get chick-fil-a &amp; waffle house, but also a comfort colors tshirt?!!! dont miss out on this deal! " 
"starbucks " 
"anyone else nigga-rig there chunky soup/progresso?just made chicken tortilla&amp;put garlic,onion,chilli,chipotle,paprika&amp; cumin powder in mine" 
"rt user handcrafted. maplepecanlatte . 
"rt user never was. never will be. . 
"rt user *new* taco bell breakfast taco (limited time) | review | mukbang | eat breakfast with me: . via user 
"get back home to see that a krispy kreme is being built 2 minutes from home. scary." 
"rt user hoodrich lil baby future ti lil boat 21 savage... basically the whole industry . 
"rt user october 13th is national cheese curd day! celebrate the user way! + free wisconsin cheese curd giveaway! ad - ht" 
"chipotle is donating 50% of the money from every order to children's healthcare of atlanta through the end of the day today! choa" 
"user wheat bread is horrible and always go with italian herb and cheese at subway." 
"my brother offered to get me starbucks and i got a venti water. cause id rather eat my calories then drink them. life sucks :(" 
"rt user the future is vegan. . 
"(2/2) all those people didnt have my arms, she wouldve got all this work omm *restore iphone mode* arbys with a wet dick " 
"almost all the best fast food is overtly christian in-n-out chick-fil-a cook out wendys made a deal with the devil, hence the square meat" 
"or chipotle " 
"rt user chipotle . 
"can vegans eat chipotle?" 
"im in illinois i cant wait to eat white castle" 
"this tweet is promoted by burger king. lmao . 
"watch. the passengers will be at fault for pushing him off. . 
"so i i just got some chick-fil-a in stone mountain. shit nasty no salt on fries no lemonade in my frosted lemonade " 
"rt user one time for the kindness of new york subway patrons . 
"rt user a crowded subway. someone licks my arm. panic. disgust. fear. its a puppy in a bag. warmth. jubilation. euphoria. lady," 
"ahooyy pirates and princesses!! come join us on october 19 for a night of fun, crafts, pirates, princesses and the . 
"opted to eat a salad at chipotle instead of in n out. i've truly matured as a human." 
"rt user yessir fam . 
"rt user the szechuan sauce fiasco proves rick and morty fans dont understand rick and morty . i hope yall" 
"rt user damn that's hard. my mind says tropical smoothie to switch it up. but my heart says chipotle . 
"rt user chipotle queso is awful. doesnt even come close to user 
"subway would be so clutch rn" 
"rt user whataburger will never be the same . 
"chick-fil-a holds a drumline battle . emma-barfield" 
"that random moment when tim kaine is standing in line with you at starbucks." 
"rt user i am a new yorker born, raised and on the city streets for a long time! you couldn't pay me to vote for bill de bla " 
"rt user this is the unity we need in american, this should not be tolerated. . 
"rt user chipotle trash too . 
"chipotle/wingstop . 
"rt user nfl user rev al has got your first amendment enjoy working at starbucks boycottnfl boycotteminem " 
"holy shit yall burger king is roasting . 
"user i can't believe your own video drinking starbucks piss.. i'm done i turned you off" 
"i just subconsciously talked myself into thinking that i deserve to go get zaxbys even though i havent done anything today but go shopping" 
"princess nokia threw the subway soup?! . 
"user advertisement game is a s+ ranking. might need to schedule a visit soon. subliminal messaging is working " 
" user cookie . 
"dunkin' donuts is dropping the "donuts" and eliminating some donuts from their menu. are they crazy?... . via user 
"rt user muslim migrants attack old man on german subway who came to defense of young girl . 
"rt user while we were all worried about justin he was in starbucks doing his college course work &amp; meeting fans. i'm happy" 
"rt user mcdonald's employee fired for refusing service to police officer. good for mcdonalds! ma4t . 
"user whataburger all the way!" 
"rt user first time having panda express and user and user was no help" 
""he can be famous or cut up into pieces. . 
"this is freedom of speech? . 
"rt user can we stop calling mcdonalds employees "unskilled workers" because they seem extremely skilled at dealing with your bul" 
"a chick-fil-a trainee watching the my pleasure! video: . 
"rt user a burrito with brown rice, chicken, black beans, corn, and sour cream would be sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo " 
"taco bell has low key become one of america's healthiest fast food chains . 
"they put fake semen in starbucks coffee" 
"paulding county restaurant inspections: chick-fil-a, starbucks, waffle house, asian express . . 
"just ordered jimmy johns for the first time and according to the commercial it should be here" 
"the line at starbucks is like 50 ft printer cable . 
"visit chick-fil-a during pink day, oct. 20. stop by our photo booth. get free paper doll magnets. t-shirts and cal . 
"relax with the facts b. . 
"rt user dove and chick-fil-a going just have to call me a nigger to my face." 
"zaxbys cookies are so slept on" 
"rt user im eating lunch from our kids menu. user user user will you eat from yours? - ron " 
"so when pizza hut start making apple pies?" 
"rt user why has hillary stayed silent about this??? . 
"you too pretty to have these shitty tweets babe . 
"cars of the future defined mid-engine chevrolet corvette prototype spied near the drive-thru . . 
"damn i really cannot listen to user in public unless i'm tryna be that bitch crying on the subway" 
"user at least a krispy kreme cats" 
"blackvoices: princess nokia reveals she threw soup on racist subway rider in viral video . . 
"rt user zaxbys &gt;&gt;&gt; chick-fil-a " 
"user chipotle! adobechat . 
"rt user the race turned into a triathlon . 
"user user and im sure all these fact checkers have zero biases toward our president" 
"rt user chick-fil-a holds a drumline battle . emma-barfield" 
"i love starbucks" 
"rt user bring back my beloved spicy nuggets user 
"thank you to martha berry mcdonalds and jim aaron for supplying milkshakes to the ahs faculty and staff today! . 
""openly drinking a lime-a-rita at 2pm" boy... is you good . 
"user ill never understand why people like papa johns." 
"rt user that dollar menu aint gross when u got $2.13 in ur bank account thats all im sayin . 
"mctober2k17 just keeps getting better and better . 
"rt user poster at downtown toronto subway station. society has embraced decadence/satanism. . 
"at chipotle supporting childrens healthcare of atlanta!! user . 
"mcdonalds is extra slow in the lehighvalley" 
"rt user scott baio is so mad about the boy scouts so he is boycotting them by not allowing them to fundraise in front of the sub" 
"i just got a great subway offer, join their text club now 2 get ur free 6" w/30oz drink purchase! click link: . 
"who trying to go to chipotle ? .. on me " 
"rt user pokmon sun &amp; moon toys are coming to mcdonalds happy meals soon. . . 
"i ain't eat subway in like 2 weeks, it's lit" 
"oh deer ! (sorry for the ) arbys will soon serve venison sandwiches nationwide &gt;&gt; . . 
"don't kill nature! but also lemme eat burger king at 4pm im starving . 
"real love is when you know your boyfriends taco bell order by heart" 
"rt user user i got you. do you accept chipotle giftcards?" 
"i just checked in at little caesars with mplusplaces download today! . 
"burger king tried to use influencer marketing to war on wendy's, but twitter's ad interface spoiled that lil party." 
"rt user thank you to martha berry mcdonalds and jim aaron for supplying milkshakes to the ahs faculty and staff today! " 
"douglas county restaurant inspections: dunkin donuts, waffle house, zaxby's, mcdonald's . 
"rt user i wonder what the uproar will consist of? rushs analogy: you go to mcdonalds to buy a happy meal and have to lis " 
"mcdonalds publicrelations szechuan mcnugget rickandmorty mcdonald's made a huge mess of a marketing stunt . 
"forrreal . 
"user what do you want from subway or sonic?" 
"user i mean you cant really have an opinion on that while youre stuffing your face with burger king do you see the problem" 
"rt user yall try to cancel cardi at every turn but still out here eating chipotle." 
"omg me rn . 
"lmao i cant be fucked up wit you . 
"why people don't beat the fuck out of someone like that idk . 
"rt user so these two army guys walk in the starbucks im at n say dam this place dead n my first thought was just like ur homies..y" 
"spied! mid-engine corvette prototype caught at mcdonalds . via user 
"my team dunkin'donuts . 
"luke wolverton princess nokia reveals she threw soup on racist subway rider in viral video . 
"haha... yeah! wendys you suck where are the spicy nuggets (patiently waits for burger king to promote this tweet)" 
"have any of y'all tried chipotle's queso yet? i'm a little concerned that i haven't heard anything about it, good or bad." 
"rt user yo wcw said she will never work at mcdonalds. she got 6 children and finna be evicted from her cardboard box. she 27" 
"only one pickle , and on top...?? @ dairy queen . 
"peach chipotle wings . 
"user so caught up in their phones they occasionally even leave their frontman in a random mcdonalds" 
"this is news. i thought he was a big mac guy. . 
"user come by our tent friday night before the game to enter for your chance to kick a field goal for free . 
"rt user cant see myself eating pizza hut ever again in life" 
"quesadillas and chipotle ranch are a must try. trust us, you need this deliciousness in your life. : . 
"user who is the person who said they like checkers better than cookout why do you talk to them" 
"just made eye contact with a burger king employee in the back of the room while in the drive thru. that was very intense" 
"he pick up line is his face. anything after that is glaze on the krispy kreme donut. . 
"user shit we going to taco bell or something" 
"rt user in the walmart nail shop, walmart optometry, walmart hair salon, walmart subway or mcdonalds, in layaway, the bath " 
"rt user the best one is them standing by the registers watching the long ass lines. . 
"user i would like a case of your hot chili seasoning. will that be a managers discretion? how much would it cost me?" 
"would kill for a pizza hut cheese pizza or which wich " 
"rt user user user we resurrected the spice. 10-piece spicy nuggets are here at bk starting 10/12 for $1.49." 
"rt user tonight on virtualskeptics, maybe the diplomats at the us embassy in havana are just sick of sonic drive-in commercials." 
"rapper takes credit for dumping hot soup on racist subwayrider: . good! stay strong chickie poo. love you " 
"so nice to see people of all races standing up to this piece of shit. united together, shoved his ass on the ground . 
"rt user ok folk's this one is for all the marbles... when you eat a meal from mcdonald's/burger king/what have you, what order do yo" 
"rt user i'm seriously hoping this girl at starbucks preparing my americano could rap eminem's catchy trump diatribe!?" 
" im saying. . 
"when you say jalapeos at subway . 
"rt user what yall know about inuyasha . 
"my warrior goddess user nokia ///// princess nokia throws hot soup at subway racist: video . via user 
"just swiped a $10 gift card from chick-fil-a " 
"user it gets bike lane and starbucks white really fast" 
"show at starbucks sandy plains see j.a. etchison at starbucks sandy plains on october 28th. . 
"rt user why can't panera bread be a 24 hour thing?" 
"rt user days when misery and stress were at an all time low . 
""a woman threw soup at him" was my favorite part . 
"rt user great to see ttc new bike storage user station in use! line1 extension tysse subway user . 
"chick-fil-a wants to know...which team has the most spirit - northside high school or hardaway high school? the... . 
"wisdom tooth out and all i want to eat is what i can't eat. anybody got some chick-fil-a flavored soup" 
"j.a. etchison has a show on 10/28/2017 at 07:00 pm @ starbucks sandy plains in marietta, ga concert . 
"user user user "i'm going to mcdonalds after practice and getting some nuggets"" 
"user user that's impossible because i wasn't there" 
"cuz i'm too faithful . 
"omg story of my life just not taco bell . 
"user eating pizza fam user . 
"hey user coca cola in the see-thru glass. glad it wasn't at chipotle. . 
"user jimmy johns in augusta is hiring &amp; they start at $7.25, but i made it to $8 an hour within the first month!!!" 
"when your lil brother is just so excited to hang out with big sister user random mcdonalds everyday people . 
"buzzfeed: forever 21 thought outside the bun and launched a collab with taco bell . . 
"user same for me with sugar craving &amp; hot krispy kreme doughnuts!" 
"when there's chick-fil-a in the newsroom.. . 
"i just found out user no longer sells hi-c orange soda :(" 
"rt user in one hour! we look forward to seeing you all! heard there was papa johns too . 
"user hey did that subway coupon work " 
"user user user it is actually a good article tho that could give young ppl a better perspective on dead end jobs." 
"rt user it's in the first one dammit jorden . 
"rt user forever 21 came out with a taco bell inspired line of clothes for guys and girls. . 
"on god . 
" rassilonwatchathon: episode 65: the three doctors (the time lords taco bell) toni and joe are joined... . 
"user user user i can't wait. i wonder how much it'll cost. 4? maybe 5 bucks? user . 
"rt user the main flag at explaceto is at half-mast in honour of tom dedes, ttc subway track maintenance employee who passe " 
"air jordan 12 bordeaux is now available on user for retail + shipping &gt; . try co . 
"rt user air jordan 12 bordeaux is now available on user for retail + shipping &gt; . try co " 
"rt user we know why the chicken crossed the road but you crossed the boss and straight got told we had some fun, but yeah " 
"cairo needs a whataburger." 
"user maybe next time you should skip out on chick-fil-a because they're shit is trash" 
"i dont know how to feel . 
"rt user what chick-fil-a do? . 
"i literally ate subway all this week " 
"i like chick-fil-a sauce more than i like most people." 
"user i also love the lettuce wrap at jimmy johns! they wrap it so tight - like a great burrito. and they deliver for freeeeeee " 
"only $171 + free shipping w/ code kfc at checkout . 
"rt user this is unreal! . 
"rt user * eats chicken sandwiches * person: you know chick-fil-a is racist! me: oh forreal? damn thats crazy *dips in polyn" 
"bitch fuck me up . 
"rt user harvey weinstein is now to hollywood and the democrats what jared folgle is to subway: a permanent -stain! " 
"check out user share the color event giveaway user . giveaway spon charlotte . 
"user i got an email about starbucks bingo but when i click to join, it says the offer was meant for someone else :( how can i fix it?" 
"thats what i like to see! black fucking power,finally we get to kick instead of being kicked . 
"user theres a taco bell coming to glasgow, we should hit it up before ur show x" 
"missed my subway stop and ended up in brooklyn. had to happen eventually. (@ mta subway - dekalb ave (b/q/r)) . 
"i have never once seen a dominos pizza look anything like this . 
"dont know if i want pizza hut or subway" 
"rt user him: yeah, i love taco bell me: . 
"nfl reports top nflfantasy performers from week 5! (pres. by kfc) . 
"i took a thrifting break to do some writing. i churned out 1,800 words after midnight last night. amwriting wip . 
"rt user starbucks howard schultz: cutting the corporate tax rate would be 'a mistake' . 
"rt user agreet . 
"panda express is garbage" 
"were playing chess, not checkers. user brm cafe podcast at brmconnect user . 
"10.11.17 @ chick-fil-a of clayton, ga . 
"rt user happy born day to the homie user hope you get everything you want bro. a clingy bambii with chick-fil-a . stay" 
"reup (@ taco bell / long john silvers in acworth, ga) . 
"citynewstoronto 37-year-old woman accused of abusing a dog aboard a ttc subway in august appears in court . 
"rt user she's only one years old trying to order mcdonalds . 
"serious gang activity - user police: man arrested after putting soda in water cup . via user 
"user won against user in that rap battle now wendys done took they spicy nuggets off the menu " 
"rt user still human: 5 times nelson mandela got stuck on the roof of a pizza hut . . 
"its a user working type of evening coffee starbucks working . 
"yall out here telling black women to settle and be lucky cause a nigga offering them mcdonalds?" 
"pizza hut just added something to its pizza offerings that's going to be very hot: . . 
"rt user why the chipotle hype? moe's has more topping options, gives free chips, &amp; tastes better. it's like iphone vs android." 
"i heard this guy is doing fourth meal at taco bell... what? oh. fortnite. my bad. go hangout my dudes. . 
"i want a whole papa johns pizza " 
"rt user dropped early! air jordan 12 retro "bordeaux" for only $171 (retail $190) + free shipping with code "kfc" -&gt; " 
"i want a taco salad from wendys. " 
"rt user our physical release of skullgirls on ps4 has arrived! user user . 
"rt user remember on coming out day that lgbtqia stands for lets go buy taco (bell) quesadillas, it's a (good meal)" 
"user user user bernie lost bub. time to stop living in the past and respect our leader. you still hav . 
"i checked in at subway on yelp . 
"get these subway promoted ads off my timeline" 
"damn..... user . 
"pda on the subway is probably my least favorite type of pda" 
"rt user i know a vegan who get they food from wal mart. i told shorty she better off eating a jr bacon cheeseburger from wendys" 
"she is the entire world i love her so much . 
"fail user people, including us, were completely ignored. not a word. we all walked out. douglasville location. sorry service. " 
"user i like to eat my taco bell not wear it!" 
"chipotle sounds good" 
"rt user if burger king employees invaded outside of the mcdonalds i worked at,and i went out and took a pic with them and tweeted it" 
"see u tomorrow bk!!! . 
"rt user pennywise: taco bell never stopped serving the chili-cheese burrito down here. me: . 
"i'm looking at the most gorgeous girl in a burger king" 
"is it bad that i really want some of the forever 21 taco bell collection... " 
"setting: subway and im sitting in the floor me: why cant anything . 
"rt user sometimes i just have cravings for trash. like jimmy john's or hamburger helper , or taco bell " 
"rt user what're you saying jt? user . 
"who really got the best cookies user or user themcookies forrealtho cookies food ineedanswers" 
"nowplaying unknown - kfc radio spot unknown" 
"rt user pusha t writing the mcdonalds jingle always gets me . 
"rt user $5 footlongs at subway been dead but it's $5 all night killuminati slide!! . 
"rt user lorde getting some mcdonalds in munich . 
"rt user perhaps the ceo of starbucks needs to get out of politics. enlist at . our patriot recruitin " 
"just saw a krystals commercial for the first time...." 
"rt user forever 21 thought outside the bun and launched a collab with taco bell . . 
"i'm here in chipotle o.j simpsoning a bowl..and so i look next to me and this guys is just staring and says"wow that's a girl that can eat"" 
"rt user please take part in our new poll then rt it ty: . vegan govegan vegetarian animalrights " 
"rt user burger king shows no mercy . 
"rt user i have a subway bread knife but that was because they left it in my sandwich. . 
"yoooooooooo papa johns on the titties . 
"lmfaooo this guh told this boy she went to dairy queen to get a blizzard because she blizzard " 
"user user i love fried chicken, but kfc leaves my puking. just a mouthful of hot grease. no flavor! thin . 
"rt user buy one free one starbucks promo til 12 oct 2017 (with mobile app). promojoemy . 
"rt user you brought her subway. you deserved this . 
"rt user user tweet back and forth with my people. all of our meat fits our food with integrity standards: . 
"think i want chipotle." 
"tonight the cashier at user told me i have a lovely voice. guess that "customer service voice" was in full effect! " 
"shut up goose . 
"the turkey sub that subway keeps promoting looks so user 
"rt user changing minds starts with opening minds, and overcoming disrespect is what starts the opening. tangier teaches! . 
"kfc open interviews wednesdays &amp; thursdays 3-5 pm! multiple locations! atlanta jobs . 
"i really want a steak but then again i want chipotle" 
"lol aye man the one on the right hot . 
"rt user i haven't even tried chipotle's new queso because chipotle is known for 2 things: causing diarrhea and being inferior to moe'" 
"rt user please always ask your parents for financial advice or what they could've done better. stop wasting your money on " 
"rt user watch: another subway top performer is user user user user " 
"user lemme be your fry &amp; shake spokespersons . 
"rt user .user user heads up, we're gonna have rick yell about birth control in season 4, start stocking up now" 
"user i once sat hung over on a sunday morning at a taco bell eating while "had a bad day" blared. simplertimes" 
"rt user my mom won't even buy me mcdonalds . 
"rt user cheese lovers unite! national cheese curd day is 10/15. read how to celebrate at user . ch" 
"i've been eating subway everyday " 
"just so everyone knows jolirestudios is teaming up with starbucks for donations to puertorico bring donation $10 off any service" 
"this is any hair service by jolirestudios donations will go straight to starbucks relief campaign" 
"rt user retro air jordan 12 bordeaux available early for only $171 shipped with code kfc link:. . 
"user the pizza hut on bolton rd is refusing to answer their phone and we ordered over 1 and 1/2 hours ago! help!" 
"news_cuinsight-&gt; data is the secret sauce for dominos pizza and creditunions :: . coopfs . 
"wow user is on a savage tip rn, user just got served . 
"that hardees $5 all-star meal box thingy is by far the best $5 deal out there." 
"deer meat sandwiches return to arbys locations nationwide . 
"rt user friend [dying]: i don't think i'm gonna make it me [thinking about how tomorrow is 2-for-1 day at dunkin donuts]: i'm not le" 
"rt user nope. i love their crunchy tacos. . 
"rt user the barista at starbucks actually thought i was jennifer lawrence so i guess today won't be so shitty after all" 
"rt user user thank you to mcdonalds for presenting at the rhhs career fair bth wearerh rhhscareerfair17 . 
"not saying i agree w what he is saying but he has freedom of speech and i hope he presses charges on each one of th . 
"i need a dunkin' donuts strawberry tropical smoothie daily. shit too fye" 
"user user user google krispy kreme near ben shapiro" 
"i could really love a blue raspberry freeze from taco bell but i live to far out and to broke for that" 
"user user thank you user i enjoyed leading the rfp and setting the ground work for the implement . 
"dove not racist people are just sensitive . 
"this song theyre playing at zaxbys is called you had me at jesus lmfaaaoo" 
"whats new at disneys hollywood studios: grand avenue, new starbucks mugs, coco cupcakes, and more . 
"user like real shit im frugal asf with money like i dont waste it on nothing. no big purchases nothinnn . 
"me every time i get tacobell . 
"one like and i'll get chipotle for dinner" 
"rt user user come by our tent friday night before the game to enter for a chance to kick a field goal for free ch " 
"they also be like dont eat mcdonalds but finsih more bottles of henny in a month then they do water . 
"can you recommend anyone for this job? restaurant manager-panera bread - . hospitality statenisland, ny hiring" 
"rt user if i wanted fake beef, i'd go to mcdonalds. . 
"papa johns . 
"inc: pizza hut just added something to its pizza offerings that's sure to become hot chrismatyszczyk . 
"user user that's mickie ds for ya" 
"panda express open next week!!!! im too fucking excited! omfg!" 
"aint have burger king in a minute " 
"how she threw her soup at him lmaoo i love this song . 
"rt user user need this pizza hut. pizza. pizza. . 
"user user user that happened almost years ago in the south. talk about pissed." 
"rt user nigga when did chick-fil-a get this fancy??? . 
"this take, it is bad. . 
"you playing checkers this is chest and hakeem is lit!!! empire" 
"rt user only $12 for 12 krispy kreme original glazed doughnuts on 12 oct (thurs) at all krispy kreme outlets!!! . 
"ok, so the overall consensus is that user queso is muy wack. trying to understand how they dropped the ball with this." 
"rt user get ready for national cheesecurdday at user with the chance to win free cheese curds! ad " 
"old food debris, dirty ice machine: douglas county mcdonalds fails inspection . 
"user oh whataburger my whataburger! i luv you so. can't wait to get back to houston!" 
""man look ... just listen .... uhhh ... hear me out...burger king has some fire ass chicken nuggets. " . 
"and now i want some burger king chicken nuggets. fuck" 
"rt user dominos &gt; papa johns, pizza hut, little caesars glad we settled that." 
"wtf are they thinking over at user . 
"rt user ca hepatitis a: diseases of refugees &amp; illegals. tb at starbucks?. . 
"rt user i've seen raider klan when they did there first tour and i met purrp in mcdonalds randomly after the concert " 
"bet the ice cream machine is still broke . 
"i would cry . 
"major food chains are trash anyway. i only eat at local mom &amp; pop spots. . 
"arby's venison sandwich available nationwide this year . 
"hey, user i'm at dairy queen and i'm having a hard time picking what to eat. what should i get?" 
"rt user the way my bank account looking rn, taco bell too good for me. . 
""hold on swiper" . 
"rt user amazing . 
"how much can i put on this and what my credit score do i need? . 
"i gotta taste for papa johns" 
"tips &amp; tricks for installing marble subway tile: . diy" 
"sea-view subway completes 6-day test runs in xiamen, a coastal city in se china's fujian province . cgtnofficial" 
"rt user i love a nigga that take his time instead of 2 kisses n now your dick out like holdon swiper put jack back in the fuc" 
"rt user if you work for user you're an american hero. . 
"user subway stop talking" 
"user user stuck in ga can't wait to visit tx and try!" 
"rt user ehhh not too good i just prefer real tacos, i gotta be real desperate nd highhhh to eat taco bell . 
"rt user nope. never too good for taco bell. . 
"rt user hell no . 
"is it bad that i think some clothes from the taco bell line at forever 21 are cute" 
"what kind of question? subway . 
"rt user way too good . 
"i need some large fries and a large strawberry milkshake from checkers rn" 
"subway and its not even close . 
"subway and if you disagree i dont fw you . 
"user user fuck ya b" 
"rt user that audience was accurate. if i saw them outfits/ heard that remix i would've been down to the chipotle until it w " 
"irony is eating white castle cheeseburgers and cookies at 9:00 pm the same night you buy your neighbors treadmill." 
"i want some subway or taco bell... " 
"rt user "yes this is mcdonalds how can i take your fuckin order" . 
""sorry, our fukin concert ticket machine broke" . 
"i eat way too much chipotle" 
"actress arrested for trying to push random woman off subway platform . via user keirakeeley" 
"rt user beautifully done . 
"rt user highly recommend making chick-fil-a pizza . 
"rt user how to make wendys mango peach chiller @ home . 
"ilookattheworld through a starbucks cup of pumpkin spice ." 
"rt user all i want is chick-fil-a breakfast " 
"whataburger and whataburger . 
"idk i feel disgusted to be apart of this . 
"this is the best thing i've seen all day i'm literally in a good mood bc of this. . 
"that hair pulling is some weak shit. krystal needed fade that hoe. dynasty" 
"papa johns taste like cardboard" 
"user user can they be paper towels that i already used to wipe this 7 layer burrito shit from taco bell?" 
"my love for taco bell is something serious one of the many reasons i will never be skinny. don't even care though." 
"i would freaking cry!! . 
"rt user redwings fan from windsor finds out he is not banned for throwing octopus onto the ice at little caesars arena https:/" 
"rt user man i love starbucks" 
"rt user hell yea i aint. . 
"rt user im going to always be too good for anything that will give me diarrhea . 
"rt user love yourself . 
"rt user too sober . 
"rt user while sober? yes. . 
"rt user nope rt user yall too good for taco bell ?" 
"rt user i eat it every now and then . 
"damn dude did you beasted those chipotle toilets? . 
"waiting on moms!!! airport southwestairlines atl starbucks hartsfieldinternational @ . 
"i watched the user training video why can't you ever get enough ice in sweet teas? it says "top of the cup" . 
"truth . 
"i'm not watching trump on hannity, but based of the exploding heads of the fact checkers i follow, i assume it's cool to skip this one." 
"the starbucks lady saw me come in for some coffee for a whole week stressed asf and gave one to me for free today to make me happy" 
"rt user this aint even a papa johns pizza, she should be ashamed . . 
"rt user at cicis pizza with my boy and the only way i'm leaving the all you can eat buffet is in a god dam ambulance" 
"user user user i've seen multiple promoted tweets from them, re: the disappearance of spicy nugs" 
"user just had taco bell . 
"rt user nah thats used to be my go to for munchies . 
"*googles how many pounds of potatoes are produced in the us p/yr* ...42.7 billion pounds . 
"subway . 
"benefit concert in memory of macy purvis, the officer killed in the taco bell crash in swainsboro. . 
"never ever go to a whataburger outside of texas.. florida is trash" 
"rt user truly . 
"when did subway get ice cream???" 
"rt user 2013 me wasn't. wouldn't touch that shit now . 
"rt user subway . 
"rt user yall did good but im sorry but i wouldve been slapping bro around like he was a bitch . 
"user god if there was a taco bell nearby i would nut" 
"user i thought you were about to say smoke weed fic idea: hanzo and mcree get stoned and go to white castle" 
"rt user accidentally said 'fuck' to a worker at chick-fil-a today and i think that topped every sin i've ever committed." 
"user i love chipotle too babe" 
"rt user yo user how many retweets for a year of free chicken nuggets?" 
"rt user riding past krispy kreme when the hot sign is on, is not the kind of activity i entertain." 
"hey user i vote you wear taco bell fashion for a week. . 
"retweeted krystal (user your pup is going to love this! . ad . 
"rt user subway is wayyyy better than jimmy johns" 
"everything at mcdonalds is gross, but im not finna let you come for their cookies. youre tripping . 
"rt user behold, the taco bell x forever 21 fashion collection. . . 
"subway all day . 
"sometimes i wish i didn't know all i know about food and health so i could just eat taco bell with no remorse." 
"rt user wendys 4 for 4 filayyyy . 
"user i love you dearly but both statements are incorrect and blasphemous.... everything at mcdonald's is great . 
"rt user my alcoholic ass immediately thought of what liquor id mix with this. . 
"giveaway - enter to win a $15 starbucks gift card! easy entry &amp; open worldwide! win user . 
"was literally the only thing i ate there. . 
"indiana man accused of impersonating officer to get free taco bell more on this odd story &gt;&gt;&gt; . 
"nyc is: sitting on the subway, just trying to get home, as the man next to you rests his head on your shoulder" 
"user taco bell made a fried chicken skin chalupa not sure if it was available here though" 
"rt user nfl logo no longer shown on nfl sponsor papa john's website . via user 
"the ceo of panera just called out and challenged the ceo of mcdonald's to eat his own happy meals for a week. . 
"rt user buy 1 free 1 from starbucks lets grab it now . 
"not carls jr! anything but him!" 
"there must be something in the coffee... starbucks nuttyalmondmilklatte caramelpudding . 
"pacdigitalsigns pizza hut made a heat-insulated parka out of delivery pouches to keep you warm all winter . 
"ok but have yall had kfc cookies? dat shit hits" 
"rt user ok but have yall had kfc cookies? dat shit hits" 
"this bitch at starbucks finished smoking and didn't even mind putting some cologne or chew some gum, he stinks likkeeee deadass." 
"i got a lot of respect for the dude who just used eye drops in this crowded subway car. gotta be honest. he did it the right way" 
"user fries are beautiful creatures from another planet" 
"rt user princess nokia hurls hot soup in racists face, kicks him off nyc subway watch (via user . 
"rt user hits the back of the wall and straight into the trash ya heard . 
"rt user hi ph wannables! i'm at starbucks coffee at araneta area. i might be roaming around too. just ask nicely for your p " 
"rt user burger king petty lmaoooo . 
"rt user his pet chicken pecked him and he took it to mcdonalds . 
"it's so serious burger king is promoting it! . 
"i really want starbucks but i dont wanna walk to kams alone ):" 
"rt user what's krystal birthname?? is it chrystal soo jung? yesss . 
"lol big mild . 
"rt user $10 chicken share, because chicken tastes better together. . 
"ladies . 
"rt user you mcm takes selfies in the starbucks restroom, he is almost 21 n tryna mingle . 
"user no it wouldnt. been to mcdonalds lately! prices are sky high! and you want to make prices even highe . 
"rt user starbucks at 5:30 am and saw this on the front of honolulu advertiser sports page. proud of the pfhof class of 2018 " 
"rt user northern wall now . 
"out of chaos find simplicity . oceansendco naturelover beauty hawaii @ starbucks . 
"rt user &gt;i was starving &gt;ordered ubereats mcdonalds, bigmac meal with iced tea &gt;somehow quarter pounder meal with coke arrived fu" 
"krispy kreme isnt all that great" 
"user user user user i still cant believe they got rid of them" 
"rt user robert downey jr. has a burger king crown card that gets him free food for life." 
"i am the boyfriend . 
"award w/ user dinner w/ user &amp; user amazing...then the user barista bought me my late . 
"user user i see.......... i guess imma have to go to bk now" 
"got a treat at starbucks, walk a mile home in the rain, go to sit down to enjoy it... trip and have it explode everywhere before 1 sip " 
"rt user rt user how the fuck mcdonalds in walmart dont have caramel???? bitch go get it" 
"a mcdonalds employee telling a disgruntled rick and morty fan they can have their szechuan sauce for the 100th time . 
"rt user yall see a criminal i see a entrepreneur . 
"i want starbucks..." 
"rt user ive never wanted chick-fil-a so bad" 
"i live in chicago area 8min away from user 's pizza,@ 143 w division st,chicago,il 60610- took 2 plus hours, w/ wrong order&amp;a cold pizza" 
"rt user free vip guest list and meet n greet to anyone that can offer me a pack of mcdonalds szechuan sauce" 
"rt user welp. nyc doesnt really go for your hate speech shenanigans.. keep that in (insert nyc neighborhood where the r " 
"rt user represent . 
"rt user user there is also a town in il named sandwich, and a subway near the station house. . 
"user it's the idea of it... this was only sold once (twice now) and now the opportunity's gone... the mcdonald . 
"rt user check out starbucks snack tray espresso bean picture 2007 platter coffee starbucks . via user " 
"we call this a parenting win frenchfriesandicecream bestcomboever @ dairy queen . 
"lol as if being an nyu lawyer meant hate speech is alright. bye boi . 
"rt user band and color guard are on the road again. grand opening of the krispy kreme on western avenue . 
"imma need mcdonalds to bring back the hi-c orange juice " 
"rt user drunk racist lawyer on nyc subway yelled "first amendment! first amendment! n*****, n*****, n*****, n*****, n*****." https:/" 
"scientists discover the secret of durian's pungent smell: banned on the city's subway and . 
"hey, check out my review of the user chicken pepperoni parm. . fastfood foodporn arbys . 
"user taco 12 pack? . 
"rt user all i'm saying is that wendys had spicy chicken nuggets when obama was president" 
"spicy nuggets are back and burgerking has saved america . 
"rt user user james "kfc big meal deal" neal! would be a solid sponsor" 
"user tries to set things right with rick and morty fans . . 
"rt user thotaritas do that to you. . 
"user chipotle bbq rub or no dice." 
"user user you should go rn, their custard smacks" 
"rt user he deserves every punch, every soup, every kick. every push. fuck him. . 
"i'm crying when she throws the soup lmao . 
"so arbys is getting coke products starting in january and im really upset.." 
"this is amazing. blocking the men from eachother. calling him a racist, calling it hate speech. kicking him out. th . 
"rt user i checked in at starbucks on yelp . 
"user i had a kanye lookalike in chipotle tonight" 
"12 yr old tamir rice was executed within seconds... . 
"and i'd like you have money i'm not buying everything for you. like ok but i've bought you portillos, burger king , . 
"cuz chick-fil-a dont get your order wrong... u just ordered the wrong thing n they corrected it for u" 
"and she over here talking about watch what i buy like wtf you talking about i do watch what i buy and don't spend m . 
"user i havent had chick-fil-a in so long and i have not entered a target in ages im going crazy!!!!!!!" 
"rt user scott baio is boycotting eminem by refusing to turn the radio to shade 45 in the break room at subway." 
"user so burger king is promoting false information (aka fake news) about its competitor?" 
"i lost my starbucks gift card and i am sad" 
"rt user welcome . 
"rt user i dont do first time meetings at houses. sorry. meet me at the nearest starbucks nigga" 
"rt user add 'em up, add 'em up. ain't nothin' like wingstop ranch in a cup. not here to throw shade, just spittin' some hea " 
"who knows someone who works at starbucks?" 
"walking through this w/o jacket drive to taco bell home n/a isitraining? . 
"hello user we ordered a pizza from a location half a mile away at 8:50 and its now 10:43 and its still not here. how is that possible" 
"google, ask panera for delivery: panera bread offers voice-ordering through google assistant . 
"rt user only a man of true class would get on a subway to brooklyn and scream the n-word while drinking a lime-a-rita at 2p " 
"i'm looking for a roommate in toronto canada. if anyone wants to make $95,000 go to . im hiring at subway astoria or." 
"yas bitch (by the way i fucking love the girl who threw her soup at him lmaoo) . 
"pizza hut delivery is getting hotter ... 15 degrees hotter . via user 
"i'm hiring someone to work at astoria oregon burger king restaurant. you would make $95,000" 
"rt user i fuck wit chick-fil-a heavy g" 
"rt user you are killing me. . 
"rt user i want some chipotle" 
"user and i just went to dunkin and the lady gave us an entire box of donuts and a bag of muffins for free. god bless" 
"rt user behold taco bells collaboration with forever 21 . . 
"you can tell hes an asshole at first glance because his drink of choice, as a grown man, is a lime-a-rita... . 
"$10 and a large drink of your choice from starbucks to anyone who will fix my door thank u" 
"every time i go to taco bell they always get my order wrong like bitch wtf but it's my fault for thinking they won't fuck it up every time" 
"user i practically have those hands from the burger king commercial with little hands and a big whopper :(" 
"i love how you never question whether user is open. you just go and they're always there for you." 
"rt user hanbin's birthday subway advertisement can literally be spotted at everywhere so beautiful . 
"photo from corner of verano and hwy 12 about 15 min ago. subway restaurant area. user sonoma sonomafires . 
"rt user user = $500bil+ biz, 5x user every ceo min. counts. &gt;$10m per work hour. ex ceo tom price sit in traffic, or b " 
"rt user white castle is fuckin good as fuck, don't @ me" 
"union station to lincoln memorial by subway, line 80 bus, bus, taxi, uber, foot, bikeshare . 
"nothing but respect for my presidents . 
"rt user user was right when he said dem subway cookies was cookies . 
"hate winter but im totally ready for peppermint everything at starbucks" 
"my kind of peeps . 
"in bed thinkin bout wendys" 
"rt user if i aint rap 'cause i flip burgers at burger king... would you be ashamed to tell your friends yuh feelin' me?" 
"rt user user user i have just been informed that user has released spicy nuggets... touch bk" 
"i want a chipotle burrito stat" 
"rt user at culvers just opened" 
"spin zone: feel like i have to try chipotle queso now to see how bad it is... bad product=good marketing?? stay woke" 
"me: can i have guacamole please chipotle: me: . 
" these are the americans i love . 
"user user user then why isn't sugar taxed? why isn't starbucks being taxed? cookies . 
"i'm at starbucks in chicago, il . . 
"samsungpay simplifies life at checkout from the grocery store 2 starbucks. here's a invite code to it out 4 free. use code: e61e7b money" 
"user user get your shit together" 
"rt user .user made ridiculously groovy posters for its chicken tenders dipping sauces: . . 
"rt user user user before you "bring spice back" how about y'all add flavor first?? i'll stick with my bae user 
"starbucks coffee . 
"let's not overlook how beautiful the little caesars arena is. hiac" 
"user how has mcdonalds not brought back hot mustard!?!?!? that was my jam" 
"rt user checkout taco bells forever 21 clothing collection of tanks, hoodies and graphic shirts . https:" 
"user user if y'all pulled some crap like this on me we done lol . 
"user if i had a kid and had nothing better to do like kfc, i'd own twitter also lol" 
"user user ive been saying this for months, i'm still upset about it " 
"doctor's note for food poisoning? : chipotle . 
"rt user i just want portillos, pappys, andys, el gallo, jrs, krispy kreme, insomnia and just a damn good slice of real pizza please " 
"we all know user has all real beef user user 
"rt user i don't want feelings. i want taco bell." 
"rt user look, chick-fil-a is going to have to hand me my food in a full klansman outfit and call a nigga in my face ." 
"rt user walking out of a taco bell bathroom like... . 
"i will forever love my fellow new yorkers . 
"rt user dunkin' donuts is dropping the "donuts" and eliminating some donuts from their menu. are they crazy? user . 
"user na don't, ima go steal my little brothers burger king rn " 
"ugh i wish i had taco bell rn or a 4 for $4" 
"but burger king just got spicy nuggets incase y'all didn't knowwww . 
"user user interesting. i never go to starbucks, but dunkin' is def competing with starbucks in retail (rtd . 
"quinn: wanna go to grill? me: nah, trying to eat healthy quinn: taco bell has a new chicken quesadilla $5 box *goes to taco bell*" 
"user user user user i like mcdonalds way more than starbucks. starbucks is a full of mega dorks." 
"one of my favorite classic animes inuyasha . 
"rt user if you wanna impress me, bring me chick-fil-a on a sunday" 
"rt user user can you please explain to me why i only got 9 nuggets with my 10 piece nugget meal? i don't understand http" 
"rt user frappes from mcdonalds is like crack to me. " 
"christopher columbus is secretly behind every starbucks that pops up in a community of color." 
"what i want in a guy - someone to eat the burrito from the 5$ taco bell craving box while i eat everything else.." 
"rt user this week in weird dreams: ominous clocks, meeting zac efron at el pollo loco and naming your son barnacle boy. https:/" 
"rt user how the fuck mcdonalds in walmart dont have caramel???? bitch go get it" 
"this is the future millennials want . 
"taco bell or no taco bell? that is the question. aka to be a fatass or not to be a fatass?? " 
"rt user got7 7for7 youare comeback fan support by 11 fansites union at hyehwa station, seoul subway line 4 credit: got7 " 
"rt user just had the best taco bell experience of my life and then a small asian man flipped james off" 
"i love this song. . 
"rt user suho:one subway club for my baekhyun pls staff:[is reaching for cucumber] suho:put ur tongs down suho:any veggies i " 
"rt user we have a 16 hour drive today and guess who instead of sleeping stayed up all night talking to an arbys employee on tinder" 
"rt user mcdonalds- mcdowells . 
". taco bells fashion collab with forever 21 is here see the whole collection . socialmedia" 
"princess nokia dumps hot soup on man yelling n-word in new york subway . 
"rt user if i ever describe a serial abuser/accused rapist as a 'libidinous cad' you all have permission to feed my forearms through" 
"lmao - i went to nyu law! i went to nyu law! . 
"i'm hungry but i don't want whataburger nor waffle house" 
"rt user mcdonalds be acting so fucking stingy with they sauce." 
"it's almost 3 am and i am genuinely tempted to sneak out of the house and drive to whataburger in my pajamas." 
"starbucks pike place, la" 
"rt user more subway advertising picture release today ~thanks for everthing # ikon # # bi # # " 
"rt user a guy just slid in my dms with the link to a coupon for a free chick-fil-a nuggets...thats how you do it yall." 
"rt user when gaming is life, but you have to go out and eat... newvideo warlords mcdonalds . 
"this is basically what itll have to come to . 
"black starbucks of chicago! black owned and delicious . . 
"user btw my favorite berlin thing is people bring their dogs on the subway and also drink giant bottles of beer on the subway." 
"gotta throw the whole girl and wednesday away. . 
"i hope user grandma enjoyed her subway" 
""democrats are playing checkers while trump is playing chess" by thomas b. edsall via nyt . 
"user i think i deserve this . 
"that is a fucking arch that would make ronald mcdonald cum in tha burger kings mouth!! . 
"rt user burger king is so petty . 
"mf i want taco bell" 
"lock this psycho up!! . 
"user the acceptability depends entirely on what type of subway it was. southwest sauce before 10am is not a good way to live your life." 
"rt user mf i want taco bell" 
"with jupal krystal yoong jon9alay ( _)" 
"rt user time to start ordering kids meals again . 
"awu new song coming soon from fireman king songo fireman firemankingsongo satran starbucks . 
" pizza hut wants to keep your body as warm as their pies . 
"i'm at starbucks w/ user . 
"rt user shit! . 
"damn . 
"ugh i want coffee but by the time i get to work starbucks won't be open yet:(" 
"savage lol . 
"rt user user user at starbucks near dntwnla; barista: "hey, you're that guy!! you're that guy!! you we " 
"user costa, intelligentsia and tim hortons" 
"i knew taco bell wasn't good for you for many reasons.... too much sauce? roughblowjob gags pukes throatfucked . 
"fans voted cedar creek the little caesars team of the week after the cougars trounced ocs thursday. . 
"wtf where is my krispy kreme coupon?!?! im hoping its in haleys wallet or in my car cause bitch i was going to g . 
"eating burgers at kfc johar town . 
"i could really use some starbucks but that would be going against my diet &amp; im not doing it " 
"user and 6.50 for some chips, chilli bites and a 500ml bottle of water from burger king is steep, even for airport prices." 
"/ my work are selling krispy kreme im yelling" 
"the trump presidential library is just going to be row after row of empty kfc boxes and soiled diapers." 
"rt user do you wanna go to taco bell? - 6-7-8. you cant sit with us! - 8! now its stuck in my head again . 
"[mino ] my enthusiast, cute, rated, caring, good attitude bias: bp, suzy, krystal." 
"i just checked in at taco bell with mplusplaces download today! . 
"rt user who is stronger? hara vs krystal (remember that one time when 2pm changsun jump into the water to save krystal bu " 
"s/o shorty with the soup! an icon. . 
"rt user you tried it... you really did. who'd you borrow those lines from sid the kid? it's closing time and we're leavin " 
"rt user subway 170915 # suho junmyeon # # . . . 
"the ideal me would get starbucks everyday, but the ideal me doesnt feel like waiting behind 20 people getting cold brew because its trendy" 
"rt user my grandson: grandpa why do u have a limp me: well in my youth the mcdonalds corporation released a coveted szechuan sauce" 
"lets give em something to taco bout. . 
"gm tgfad @ starbucks . 
"rt user it's kinda like people's love for mcdonalds no matter what they hear about they still gonna it so i'm still going t " 
"user subway no question don't @ me" 
"man i hate dunkin donuts" 
"mane, somebody need to ship some chick-fil-a to north korea. bet that make them change their mind for a while." 
"i need starbucks this morning" 
"arkansas mini trip over and now back to the grind! backtothegrind starbucks workinghard @ . 
"i was in the chick-fil-a drive through and the person in front of me paid for my food " 
"something sweet! burger king's new cinnamon toast crunch milkshake . stupiddope . 
"ohh thats deep . 
"rt user ohh thats deep . 
"rt user im about to buy all of these . 
"rt user fact-checkers (incl'g me) are throwing up their hands as trump describes his tax plan to hannity--he clearly doesn't und" 
"user get the starbucks app!! best thing ever!" 
" where thats at? starbucks? if so im running there . 
"rt user goths sack sbarro, extending hot topic empire to far reaches of food court . 
"rt user user thank you i will visit that mcdonalds and matthi in sta clara and conchas in qc once again sooner ald" 
"ok but you're beautiful . 
"rt user shout out to diego for the picture at starbucks having a straight face is not my thing . 
"just got my morning shot of sprite from mcdonalds. today should be productive." 
"i found out you dont realize how much something means to you until its gone when dairy queen shut down in new roads." 
"now i have to murder myself in the gym today cause hubz decided on top of bringing wendys home...smoke hookah...so i had the munchies -_-" 
"rt user hire immediately! . 
"i'm late because the sheriff needed me to wash cars, because i am a necessary evil...smh . 
"bio sucks cause i actually got coal and not a starbucks csuse im thirsty for followers" 
"when ur trying to makeout in a mcdonalds parking lot and a fire truck comes " 
"young subway fare here. ya gurl. . 
"tonight reassured me that chipotle is and always will be &gt; qdoba. only thing q has going is their queso. delicious" 
"rt user when u try to do a nice thing and it backfires . 
"bruh hit up del taco . 
"user i've never had taco bell, so i wouldn't really know." 
"rt user just when i think im losing hope for humanity the dude in front of me at starbucks pays for my coffee and croissant, gr8 m" 
"rt user chick fil a employees dont got shit on mcdonalds . 
"user user if tim hortons is good coffee then it's clear you have not gone out of your hole" 
"deal 2017-18 tim hortons brad marchand platinum profiles pp-4 boston bruins . . 
"rt user how to celebrate national cheese curd day (and a fun user cheese curd giveaway!) . " 
"rt user are we supposed to feel bad or something, because this man got exactly what he deserved. there is no room for hate " 
"rt user an artist &amp; transit enthusiast in china created this image, depicting the new mbta subway cars. the assembly plant " 
"rt user a few weeks ago i got shorted a nugget by wendys. today i was given 2 extra nugs. life has ups and downs. just power th" 
"rt user user young 5 dollar taco bell box seems fitting" 
"rt user forget the chicken strips, where the spicy nuggets!?! user 
"rt user end nafta now. . 
"rt user everything . 
"rt user dont worry boys/traitors you can get a job at mcdonalds . 
"2017-18 tim hortons brad marchand platinum profiles pp-4 boston bruins . sale . 
"i didn't ask for an user anime, yet an mbta anime i was delivered. . 
"user dude no offense but fuck your grandma" 
"jesus christ i want taco bell" 
"rt user this video of trixie rollerblading from a starbucks to shea coulee's car is important. . 
"rt user florida man robs wells fargo bank in gainesville, heads straight to kfc with cash redpill goldwater . 
"mcdonald's create-your-taste kiosks hit new york city in the gut . via user 
"we need this user . 
"get with him . 
"rt user i didn't ask for an user anime, yet an mbta anime i was delivered. . 
"ud tim hortons 17/18 - brad marchand - triple exposure te-7 ***mint . sale . 
"a poem for the modern day: took a shit at starbucks no toilet paper in the stall nobody heard my cries for help too . 
"fuck i really want taco bell right now" 
"if you really love buffalo wings, we found your next coffee obsession . . 
"so i'll be starting a new diet on monday.... . 
"rt user stop by our booth (920) at gpugsummit, take a picture with us, post to twitter and get a starbucks gift card. se " 
"i'm at kfc in sydney, nsw . 
"rt user that's a ridiculous use of replay, but on the other hand it may get people to the subway on time." 
"rt user the ever-interesting dallas keuchel on the astros core, on potential free agency, his longevity, on rebuilds: " 
"4 classes. work at pizza hut almost full time. now i want to add esports into the mix. no clue how it will go haha." 
"big facts . 
"rt heidiwaldusky: if you can't beat 'em, join 'em. mcdonalds chobani, even facebook, up their foodporn game. . adv" 
"user user user meanwhile. this is nevada &amp; you see the same in other gun nut states. you really want . 
"rt user subway delays are costing new yorkers serious time and money, report says . 
"townhouse 52 victoria heights rd unit 52 boston, ma 02136 is now new to the market! . 
"rt user hunt for subway pervert . . 
"mhaffiezmnazri is experiencing an all new subway in a basket breakfast lunch dinner food . 
"i also left my bag at mcdonalds but luckily realized immediately and i left my phone on a shelf in walmart but also . 
"rt user local sale in manila slogan set 760php fan set 260php place: in front of the starbucks please come to find me! " 
"whenever i'm feeling down, at least i know someone i look up to believes in me (i'm part of the collective you, rig . 
"user you have needs, erin! starbucks, twitter, and facebook." 
"rt user dorchester: 3 car door checkers, homes ave, bpd enroute" 
"rt user why why why . 
"this is what delivering pizza at springfield college looks like lol had me coming back with ditches and shit . 
"okay but who tf thinks it's okay to throw their coffee at a barista (or at anyone). shame on you! starbucks" 
"rt user good luck in mcdonalds (from weibo) . 
"taco bell for dinner got me going straight to bed kanakattack" 
"blackhistoryfact at the age of 26, ashley derby became one of the youngest franchise owners in chick-fil-a histor . 
"i'm at user in birch run, mi . 
"rt user that's cool, my momma don't even buy me mcdonalds... . 
"get me a pizza parka asap user . 
"user i went to one of your locations here in muskegon mi and i received terrible service. i didn't get a receipt either." 
"rt user only cultured individuals will understand . 
"rt therealautoblog "mid-engine chevy corvette is spotted on public roads -- and in the mcdonalds drive-thru: . 
"rowletbirb . 
"user can i pls have a free sub i'm poor n rly hungry rn" 
"rt user lmaoooo burger king clowning . 
"so chipotle on 14th street has a security guard inside smh" 
"ha! i hope he gets back in. the lca response about an already dead animal is foolish imo. . 
"user you are right, taco bell is disrespectful to real mexican food." 
"nothing more tone deaf than opening a new arena with a bad team and banning one of the team's longest traditions. . 
". your better than this user 
"i ordered a tall drink from starbucks and this sure as hell isn't tall . 
"now selling: lone star steakhouse, subway, starbucks, outback giftcards! . 
"rt user wanna talk about disappointment? last night at the club i was ordering lauren and i jimmy johns and i got to the e " 
"are they going to ban when hats are thrown for hat tricks? bettman is jerk, been trying to rid detroit of tradition . 
"rt user octupus-thrower facing lifetime ban at little caesars arena . 
"user give us building/room will have jimmy johns show up and deliver to you freakyfast" 
"i didnt eat fast food for the longest time but now all i want is mcdonalds nugs n fries rip" 
"user why are you eating at mcdonalds in the first place?" 
"congrats to greg asbed and the user the work you do is beyond important. oh and user join the fair food progra . 
"wait... i can get this for free at a mcdonalds? and it's not rare? time to jump on a mcdonald's sales counter and make an ass of myself." 
"rt user red wings fan is facing a lifetime ban after throwing the 1st octopus on the ice at little caesars arena " 
"rt user leaving the club on my way to taco bell like: . 
"rt user united we stand, to whoop a racists ass. . 
"oct. 23 monday, representative bellino's coffee hours 10:30am-11:30am tim hortons 404 south monroe street,... . 
"lets do this! nacada17 conference stlouis starbucks pumpkinspice @ america's center . 
"rt user can't stop laughing, burger king wins . 
"i am having a soy milk latte with user veranda i love my user espresso maker madonna . via user 
"what in the fuck . 
"these are terrible choices to pick from lmao . 
"rt user i need a caramel frappe from mcdonalds" 
"user you said chick-fil-a on you this week" 
"user why is this user 
"interesting this caught out on streets in cadillac,mi user user user user . 
"how can you ban someone for christening the arena . 
"rt user hey fans! user maniatour stops at little caesars arena on tues, oct. 24! don't miss out! lgrw details: " 
"this is so stupid, how can you ban him for continuing a tradition that has been going on for 60 years? . 
"one of these days im just gonna go into a taco bell and demand a tube of their creamy jalapeno sauce" 
"so parker wasn't actually the first . 
"rt user don't fuckin lie to me and get me excited about a taking back sunday mcdonald's ad . 
"rt user oh my gosh!! free $5 dunkin donuts card! go go go freebies hotdeals freebie couponfamily ... . 
"fuck that and fuck this soft ass country . 
"a whole box of food for under 6 bucks? seriously thank god for taco bell " 
"once i was walking from a salon to the subway in nyc, a man complimented my hair, &amp; when i ignored him, he followed . 
"obesity was rising as ghana embraced fast food. then came kfc. . 
"one of the best tweets you'll see all day . 
"rt user he mightve died on ddot . 
"when you're hungry, nothing can be more upsetting than taco bell not giving you your sauce whan they specifically asked" 
"rt user me, telling a bedtime story to my kids: so after the great sauce incident of 2017, user announced toys woul " 
"rt user cinnamon toast crunch milshake will be tried. burger king can't miss rn . 
"i need starbucks to deliver to my room" 
"really? this is the best tradition in hockey. no one got banned when obama was in office, just sayin. . 
"what's the longest your supposed to wait for jimmy johns like when is it considered not "freaky fast"" 
"jaren jackson guaranteed to me he's getting some of that milan szechuan sauce when user rolls it out. . 
"kicking off the party at little caesars arena &amp; mikes pizza bar - read the blog at . . 
"jimmy johns in coldwater needs delivery drivers &amp; sandwich artists! workforcewednesday wioa . 
"seeing this was promoted by burger king, i sense a war coming soon. . 
"told somebody yesterday i wanted authentic tacos this mf gone say why didnt you just say taco bell i still cant get over that" 
"rt user myheartisyoursif you shell out the extra cash to get me some guacamole when we go to chipotle." 
"free my man, did nothing wrong . 
"i'm a bohemian. i don't need shoes to buy starbucks. . 
"are you able to pick up starbucks donations tomorrow (thursday) at the rochester/auburn and rochester/south blvd locations?" 
"rt user jimmy johns in coldwater needs delivery drivers &amp; sandwich artists! workforcewednesday wioa . 
""but why eat mcdonalds if ur on a diet". cuz my job is on the go go go and subway gets old. southwest salad and grilled wraps tho " 
"does the punishment fit the crime? . 
"user thanks for wishing me late belated 26th birthday and early 27th birthday meet you and all as a fan soon . 
"user got rid of spicy nuggets the fuck " 
"rt user pulling up to taco bell after a night out . 
"when i die i hope to be buried with a little caesars hot n ready and crazy bread" 
"rt user folks...please this eraoftheexposed tippingpoint... . 
"user please tell me this has been corrected. we need all the super fans we can get. . 
"say what you want about fast food but please leave white castle out of it " 
"user hey dte, had to put actual clothes on and go to starbucks for work. not cool." 
"i hate you . 
"the starbucks maple pecan latte is everything i ever wanted in life; a beacon of warmth in a cold, uncaring universe." 
"what kinda bullshit is this . 
"business: taco bell wants to sell you clothes with your chalupa . . 
"rt user day 10 without taco bell. depressed, lost, hopeless, malnourished. i fear the end is near." 
"rt user user user need a spicy rebound? our 10-piece spicy nuggets are here starting 10/12 for $1.49." 
"rt user jimmy johns &gt; subway" 
"the taco bell bottom . 
"little caesars sucks" 
"octupus-thrower facing lifetime ban at little caesars arena redwings bhive . 
"this is the most absurd thing ive heard of. if only mr. i was still here he wouldnt let this garbage happen . 
"psl basic sorrynotsorry noshame (@ starbucks in pittsfield township, mi) . . 
"user i'm going to wendy's what should i get?" 
"now this would possibly bring me back . 
"rt user wait a minute...what the fuck? user . 
"user user lol they're claiming to be understaffed? find that hard to believe many don't even give consistent hours" 
"burger king is so freaking savage, definitely getting spicy nuggs tomorrow " 
"that's weak . 
"rt user telemetry is better than starbucks" 
"chick-fil-a is such a magical place, this dude literally gave me free food" 
"user i just paid $8.26 for a foot long. wtf happened to $5 footlongs.user can you explain this to me." 
"user user user i mean you've never changed girl. thats why you my go to..." 
"thanks again to metro agency inc for sponsoring and dunkin' donuts for hosting this morning's brewin' business!" 
"rt user {"fall" in love with user pumpkin spice latte} today!! mcdambassador ad psl pumpkinspicelatte " 
"rt user "police find no one inside a liberty hardee's after lengthy standoff" . 
"thank you jimmy johns for the free customer appreciation sandwich " 
"rt user windsor man faces lifetime ban for tossing first octopus at little caesars arena . . 
"user the popcorn isn't that good though! before the popcorn we sold trash candy bars for $1 with a $1 burger king coupon" 
"i recall user being excited the last time arby's did this. now it's at every location. . 
"i have this weirdly vivid memory of being at boston market labor weekend 2012 and being really depressed lol" 
"rt user tragic consequences of having of more starbucks than cheetahs . via user 
"i want to get starbucks, but im wearing uggs and a north face. i dont want to complete the look " 
"rt user princess nokia reveals she threw soup on racist subway rider in viral video . . 
"forever 21 taco bell clothing: see the entire collection now in stores . 
"please make my driverless car have a snarky attitude! ex. me - mcdonalds please - car - so we are being healthy today." 
"rt user if youre in detroit, stop by one of the registration tables at little caesars arena. . 
"user not sure if your aware but they made you a anime woman now? i don't know its weird what are your thoughts o . 
"user user user user havent been to wendys since " 
"please stop bringing back the 1990s, especially the prints. it was not our finest fashion era. . 
"lady if u roll your eyes n say cinnamon almond macchiato at me one more time im gonna send u straight to hell n gluck finding a starbucks" 
"octopus toss earns man lifetime ban from little caesars arena . 
"just spoke w user who say he's not banned for life. was ticketed and released. long live octopi! user . 
"this is a joke . 
"rt user starbucks reserve opens in user and user gets 2nd starbucks . via user 
"phew! . 
"rt user princess nokia throwing hot soup on a racist white man while riding the subway is my fucking mood" 
"this hour be listening for a song by xscape or monica to win tickets - before you can buy them! user . 
"we're hiring! read about our latest job opening here: standale meijer starbucks barista - 315 wilson ave,... - . 
"i was debating if i should stop for starbucks when journey's "be good to yourself" came on. so naturally i stopped for starbucks" 
"honestly, i think people should pay me to replicate the user schezwan sauce, not the big mac. but would it be . 
"rt user burger king is mad petty. . 
"rt user the problem with being single isn't the fact that you're alone. it's that you can't puppy dog eye a guy in to getting you" 
"we ganna just act like that innocent man on the sideline didn't get hot soup all over him? . 
"rt user suggestedtimsitems if i say starbucks stuff, am i banned from canada?" 
"rt user this was executed beautifully . 
"basically . 
"my dad brought me taco bell? i love my life" 
"complete bullshit . 
"rt user rapper user confirms she was the person who threw soup at a man yelling n***** at kids on the nyc subway. . 
"today is the first day in the week that i'm getting taco bell and i'm proud of myself progress iwouldeatiteveryday." 
"more food places allow you to just mail it in. user joins a host of other semi fast food to order on your mobile device. letsnottalk" 
"gtfo user you better realize what mistake you're making! . 
".user venison sandwiches available at all michigan locations this month user . 
"another mean teenager brat was in burger king being rude to the cashier. someone hit these children." 
"nyu law grad hurls racial epithets on subway earns bowl of soup to the face . 
"why am i humming "deer prudence" . 
"user user starbucks has way better lattes" 
"dearest subway, the sauce to lettuce ratio shouldn't be 1:1. sincerely, drowning in mustard" 
"i just checked in at marriott-starbucks with cricketrewards download today! . 
"three people i worked with at subway have posted on facebook asking whos hiring today " 
"user where did we go wrong . 
"rt user the wall street journal called me about a user joke i tweeted. if i get free pizza for life i'm opening a bed and" 
"ppl posting their mains reminds me of the time that we were at culvers and one of the cooks came out of the kitchen to tell us he mained dan" 
"rt user freenick he ain't done nothing wrong . 
"rt user user lol disrespect to authentic mexican food, taco bell trash" 
"free my mans . 
"noooo, that's stupid . 
"user daves cherry cream soda? you sneaky suckers, this shit is the bomb!" 
"rt user rt wokehillbilly: mcdonalds this sign is posted at your restaurant in xenia, oh. try paying a living wage. fightf htt" 
"there are few things that annoy me more: me at starbucks: hi, what can i get you? customer: venti caramel macchi . 
"well first we were gonna go eat chinese, then i wanted macaroni so we were gonna go to kfc and we end up at applebees" 
"user user that spicy ketchup is something else!!!" 
"rt user feast your eyes on the new user x taco bell collection. f21xtacobell . 
"rt user new retail center with fast-food restaurant, two stores planned for us-31 across from panera bread: . 
"rt user i've got michiganstate to take the w in this week's user rivalrybeef. who's got your vote? . 
"i want like one of those stupid starbucks mocha frapes but i dont want to buy one and i cant make a good one with the stuff i have dx" 
"papa johns pizza is the best pizza" 
"ok i aint wanna do this but im finna go to taco bell" 
"where . 
"retweet, like, and comment! . shared drunk racist picks fight with the ... . 
"starbucks is hoppin rn and laura and i are forced to sit next to eachother " 
"check out: mid-engine chevy corvette spied on public roads and at mcdonald's - autoblog . via user 
"suck it peta! . 
"chipotle queso actually kills it" 
"user taco bell, chinese places, subway" 
"straight outta mcdonalds: . via user 
"freep.com &gt;&gt; red wings: man not banned for hurling octopus in little caesars arena . 
"smelling taco bell at study tables makes me want to head out and get some for myself. i am not sure if this is normal, or if it's just me?" 
"rt user red wings: man not banned for hurling octopus in little caesars arena . 
"rt user free my mans . 
"the "mr t" laurence turearud,my dad, and tom sheroski from little caesars! "pity the fool who doesn't order a hot n ready " 
"when you love rick &amp; morty so much your nazi ass throws a tantrum over nugget sauce . 
"they took too damn long tbh . 
"user hubby hates taco bell but 2-3 times last month buy box meal *for me* really so he could get codes to . 
"red wings: man not banned for hurling octopus in little caesars arena redwings . . 
"this girl keeps complaining on fb that she has to do everyone elses job and hers and shit like bitch you work at subway" 
"rt user can someone take me on a taco bell date" 
"rt user lmao @ promoted by burger king . 
"i swear im fat taco bell is my life" 
"cute . 
"omg user your new kiosks for placing orders is ridiculous. badideas" 
"honestly offended that user only has 4 pieces available in plus sizes for the taco bell collab. y'all serious with this?" 
"when you have to get burger king because your mom hasn't went grocery shopping in 3 weeks and now you hate yourself" 
"rt user does the punishment fit the crime? . 
"user user me too.....i hope its a phishing scam " 
"move the team back to the joe, this is ridiculous. . 
"user user user you better go stock up on protein bars or something. i would be psychotic mes . 
"user taco bell cheese quesodildos, fiesta potatoes, and a ninja turtle. do it asap" 
"i've been watching user ads for 10 minutes and i feel something unlike something i've ever felt before" 
"is this real??? . 
"aaron keeps pronouncing jimmy johns as "james johnson's" like get out " 
"user ain't pointing fingers here, but user didn't have no "jared" situation." 
"user jimmy johns. areyoutriggered?" 
"user my pizza isn't even cut. smh. . 
"rt user yo: things that are a waste of money n hurt yo personal finances: starbucks boozy brunches apple product churn user 
"does this seem harsh? . 
"rt user welcome to the resistance chipotle . 
"all i want in life is taco bell" 
"lastchance: we're giving away 4 tickets to the pistons' season opener at little caesars arena. enter by midnight. . 
"grandma got my 1 year old son a jack in the box for his 1st birthday. why? wtf grandma clowns" 
"ive worked user so long i can taste when water isnt quad filtered." 
"princess nokia throws hot soup at subway racist: video . via user blackgirlsrock" 
"fast food giant taco bell to open first scottish eatery breakfast food dennys ihop . . 
"rt user free him! . 
"mcdonalds bag in the fridge after too many shots with tiff lol whereifoundmykeys" 
"ya girl is now a panda express worked" 
"rt user need a treat for this gloomy day? come join us at dairy queen tonight from 5-8!!! . 
"hey user i got an email about bingo and activating my board but every time i try i get this notice the email . 
"maple pecan frapp i just got from user tasted like absolute dog shit. worst thing ive ever had from there." 
"rt user i've literally had nightmares where i was eating mcdonalds or putting a relaxer on my hair. not about to die, but a " 
"rt user it's been the focus to move from larger cities to places like brandon to grow the game and let the community embrac " 
"user user pass novenisonever" 
"i need someone to get me starbucks so i don't fall asleep at work because i can't leave the storeee" 
"okay why the hell did forever 21 and taco bell collaborate on a collection" 
"bringing user to chipotle for her first time has been the highlight of my week " 
"okay but when will you bring back chicken tenders . 
"i told myself i was gonna cook dinner tonight but then alexis asked me if i wanted subway. welp." 
"rt user lastchance: we're giving away 4 tickets to the pistons' season opener at little caesars arena. enter by midnight. " 
"rt user come out to chipotle oct 20-21 &amp; support wsu baseball! save the dates . 
"in case you're one of the people thinking differently and screaming about the ban... redwings . 
"dont know about you but think they should change the name of the kid rock caf in the beautiful new little caesars arena. makes me vomit." 
"user amazing is an understatement!" 
"user user no ban from lca . 
"lmao what . 
"im really in need of some pizza hut crew fun ive had such a shitty day" 
"rt user top user performers from week 5! (pres. by user . 
"none of the dominos near me deliver and im so sad. i just wanted a pizza. " 
"gordon, brady, and broncos defense are carrying my fantasy team rn . 
"user i just saw this post again. my mouth is literally watering, thinking about how good chick-fil-a would be rn " 
"rt user in line at starbucks and i felt like doing a good deed just paid for the person behind me in the drivethru always remembe" 
"my aesthetic: ariana grande ordering a grande at starbucks. . 
"i'm trying to eat taco bell on my bed and my dog keeps trying to eat my tacos like fuck off" 
"man i wear some whack stuff but this is on some other level . 
"s/o to the cute girl at work for getting me starbucks bc i didnt feel good;" 
"rt user dude hit the manager with his car twice and drove off. hes facing felony robbery charges over a soda at mcdonalds " 
"rt user okay, best idea ever and exactly what the people want. taco bell clothing line. - someone from forever 21 who makes t" 
"sources confirm that trump could be heard running to his room, playing the cure, and not touching his kfc dinner pl . 
"i need to work on my bread making skillz but it actually didn't turn out bad n i just need to season this shit like subway does next time" 
"rt user .user has no time for drunk racists on the nyc subway. . 
"youre kidding lol this is a red wing tradition, fuck off . 
"i've never been inside a chick-fil-a before." 
"hunting season is here: arby's tests elk sandwiches and releases venison sandwiches nationwide . 
"but it was fine at the joe? . 
"user is savage for promoting this tweet . but on a serious note, why user . 
"user mcdonalds rereleased sauce in limited quantities last week. fans got angry because they couldnt get it. bad things happened." 
"believe it or not i used to co-run a sungah page on tumblr... 2 years later i make jokes about her working at burger king" 
"ben affleck cupped my sack at a dunkin donuts in 2009. i would like an apology." 
"rt user bringing user to chipotle for her first time has been the highlight of my week " 
"jack in the box is beyond trash" 
"rt user youre kidding lol this is a red wing tradition, fuck off . 
"rt user in case you're one of the people thinking differently and screaming about the ban... redwings . 
"rt user all this talk of user and user heres where the real beef is, with user and user . 
"i could eat subway everyday" 
"rt user watch hero user dump hot soup on a man yelling the n-word on the subway . . 
"i've been doing homework for 7 hours now and i just want chick-fil-a" 
"pizza delivery wembley | quality pizza delivery in wembley - papa johns . 
"user user user isn't that mcdonald's lol" 
"i needed a good laugh. so i just spent the last 30 minutes looking through user twitter." 
"little caesars is fuckin " 
"grandpa put delanie and i in a group chat to show us that he puts mustard on french toast. its his favorite other than white castle burgers" 
"first tweet from iphone. user ghost pepper chicken sandwich when" 
"rt user you can indeed ride the subway or dance in a club without fondling a woman no matter how fine they are. this is a possibi" 
"rt user i want every item in the forever 21 taco bell clothing line" 
"rt user i'm sorry who even asked for a forever 21 and taco bell collaboration" 
"rt user dont call yourself goth unless you travel with ravens on the subway . 
"rt user pizza hut is nasty af lets argue" 
"the pizza hut pizza parka is about to be a must have for hypebeasts." 
"i really want cookies from subway " 
"rt user starbucks executive chairman howard schultz: cutting the corporate tax rate would be 'a mistake' " 
"sometimes i dream about little caesars user 
"... you're telling me forever 21 created a taco bell clothing line????" 
"is boston market food?, i've never eaten it " 
"heroes . 
"rt user i cant wait to eat a calorically dense meal that will knock my ass out. like man... whataburger with a nice pint of ben &amp; je" 
"so i had chick-fil-a for the first time today. it was good and fresh but to be its not all that. them waffle fries were good as hell tho " 
"since when is chick fil a cheaper than mcdonalds???" 
"user ive never had starbucks. not once." 
"i wanna be a walking pizza hut ad this winter . 
"rt user ppl posting their mains reminds me of the time that we were at culvers and one of the cooks came out of the kitchen to tel" 
"true a.f . 
"burger king playin games on my tl . 
"user user ya that person is me ok shes me im excited i love taco bell" 
"rt user an autonomous jack-in-the-box using a raspberrypi &amp; pi camera to detect when it's being looked at. diy halloween . 
"user it was some starbucks but pretty much!" 
"okay that hooded windbreaker though... . 
"rt user all my problems would be solved if monroe had chick-fil-a &amp; jamba juice" 
"i heard that new user secret sauce taste similar to user sauce...... " 
"user user we need answers" 
"jimmy johns cookies r so much better than subways dont @ me" 
"rt user i took someone else's coffee at starbucks. i'm tiffany now" 
"wowee just spent the last $2.98 in my bank account on a jimmy johns sub and i dont regret it" 
"i get what they're trying to do, but that isn't for me. if i get chick-fil-a again, it's drive-thru only, please." 
"well played!!!! . 
"omg i'm having 90s flashbacks to burger king 1st movie toys. nostalgia . 
"user so you're not eating chipotle 7 times a week anymore?" 
"rt user when your women is having a bad day, bring her taco bell. itsacure" 
"i hope chipotle open by the time i get home cause i been craving some " 
"rt user man in custody after masturbating at panera bread, police say . . 
"waited 25 mins for my taco bell and i was the only one in line..." 
"i'm doing hw &amp; my mom want me to go get dairy queen.." 
"taco bell would be a lot cooler if it were an actual bell that you ring that makes tacos magically appear" 
"arby's tests elk sandwiches and adds venison nationwide . via user 
"taco bell w/o fire sauce is like user w/o her sophomore boys!!!" 
"rt user when kreayshawn said 'bitch u ain't no barbie i c u work @ arbys' i felt that shit" 
"i think panera bread is overrated af" 
"left work a little late, forgot the boy had lego robotics class tonight, and need to study tonight. 8:00pm starbucks it is." 
"ive had dominos once and im still a pizza hut stan . 
"rt user user yeah now my starbucks experience will never be the same w/o you in it" 
"rt user that f21 x taco bell collab looks astounding" 
"computing technology itsecurity tech ces pizza hut parka keeps you toasty like a fresh slice of pizza - cn... . 
"rt user lmfaooooooo rt user how the fuck mcdonalds in walmart dont have caramel???? bitch go get it" 
"if tim hortons could deliver a large vanilla iced capp to my front door rn, thatd be cool" 
"when the cashier at arbys ask for my name the other day i said ashton, that's what i want to name my son when i have one" 
"can't wait to try these free coffee samples from dunkin donuts! also . 
"rt user shouldnt trump be dead by now from choking on user bone or orange tanning spray and/or hairspray overdose?" 
"user user we're all hoping something will finally take him out!!" 
"user user panda eyes + mr timmer = jesus christ eating taco bell" 
"the way my bank account looking rn, taco bell too good for me. . 
"my mom called me a taco bell dilemma but i told her i had to go because the interesting part was coming up in harry and the hendersons" 
"starbucks is so over rated. i had strawberry green tea from there today as its on their refresher menu, why did it make my mouth dry..." 
"rt user taco bell: *announces they have a clothing line at forever 21* me: . 
"arbys to sell venison burger at all metro detroit locations for one day only cbs detroit . 
"hell yeah like wtf you pulling out $1200 at mcdonalds . 
"user pizza hut x supreme" 
"when taco bell gives you 5 cinnabon delights instead of the 4 that you paid for " 
"asked to donate a dollar to something for a free slider, this is my fifth time not getting the coupon for the free slider user 
"user user it is my dog but i dont wear skinny jeans or nerd glasses and drink starbucks. jebaited" 
"rt user a nice fall activity . 
"someone take my debit card and buy me taco bell cause i cant leave" 
"someone from my bumble days came into starbucks and i came face to face with my dark past" 
"rt user little caesars is fuckin " 
"getting a bite for the road (@ taco bell in howell, mi) . 
"think ima go mess with this chipotle" 
"i love it when i go to sip my delicious dr pepper from user and the flavoring was empty. pls halp . 
"didnt let myself get taco bell on campus because i should eat healthier only to come home and get taco bell because theres no food" 
"i just ate so much taco bell" 
"hi everyone, i am selling our wings tickets at the new little caesars arena for this monday vs. tampa bay... . 
"they had to plan a year in advance for this one day only event. . 
"halloweeen event oct 25th 4-6pm! thank you sponsors! user user user user user . 
"any live fact checkers on this trump user interview?? three minutes in and i'm exhausted counting the lies." 
"dying to check out little caesars arena still" 
"dude this album is wild. @ taco bell . 
"subway is better than sex" 
"one time i took a shit in user parking lot cause there doors were closed and i didn't want to shit my pants." 
"rt user "i need to lose weight" as i order what i want from mcdonalds" 
"user user user "first time, long time kfc. diehard yankees fan here but that last caller doing . 
"boston market..." 
"please user bring em back. id sell my house for the spicy nuggets. id carry a couch for them nuggets. i'd leave . 
"give this man lifetime season tickets . 
"what disrespect for user . 
"rt user yall act like this is gonna stop anyone . 
"rt user if homegirl eating at mcdonalds, it's quiet forrrrr her" 
"rt user found out today that there are people that actually eat at burger king? and not just use their parking lots for drug dea" 
"rt user he's confusing his proposed rates, calling things "a 1st" when they're not &amp; promising tax cuts so big even an r co " 
"can this kfc ad stop following me" 
"rt user user favorite food = sauce = fakenews more &amp; more people confirm trump's fav food is well-done steak &amp; " 
"user ?? user ?? what is happening here ?? . 
"venison sandwich available nationwide this year. will you be trying it? . 
"free this man . 
"who wanna take me to taco bell?" 
"i can buy that pitcher plant. i can afford groceries. i can fill up my car. i can eat. i can get better pizza than little caesars." 
"no, he's not. red wings have denied he is banned. . 
"oh my god!!!!!! i'm calling in for this!!!! i'm sure bri will love this!!!! . 
"rt user pray for me, ya girl has an interview for a second job tomorrow @ long john silvers " 
"there are taco bell clothes at forever21. now is my time." 
"user the guys a piece of shit no doubt but whyd you have to take the mans bag? wouldve been over once you . 
"youth hang-out wednesday started tonight. join us next week as we go to mcdonalds at 6:30pm. student worship is al . 
"good. . 
"if you get me something, ill take you . 
"rt user just spoke w user who say he's not banned for life. was ticketed and released. long live octopi! user https:" 
"wednesdaywisdom maybe be more prepared for when the dinner rush comes user in warren drivethrudrag " 
"so stupid. . 
"cant believe we have to throw perfectly good soup at the trash smh . 
"user user user god dammit i love social media " 
"user user good game guys" 
"haha burger king is sponsoring other people roasting user now lol . 
"rt user ilookattheworld and see an incredible number of mcdonalds restaurants. . 
"user user user that explains a lot" 
"rt user dont care how basic this makes me sound but going to barnes &amp; nobles, getting starbucks and looking for new books would b" 
"user no they have a biggby tho. but sometimes i want starbucks!!!!!" 
"rt user burger king has launched spicy nuggets. a day later you will be the one launching spicy nuggets." 
"rt user this chess not checkers." 
"not impressed by the women on here that say they know good sex. there's women getting bad sex but got a good life. you fucking for chipotle" 
"on top of that i'm hella hungry lows guess i'll eat some nasty ass user 
"jersey mikes&gt;&gt;&gt; . 
"rt user why go to taco bell when you can go to a real mexican restaurant?" 
"i had like 4 pieces of pizza and a burrito from chipotle ... ima be obese" 
"now i want white castle " 
"its user oclock . 
"rt user subway dont fucken user . 
"rt user she sucking dick at a church then kissing on her "man" at mcdonalds. hmmmm . 
"is it socially acceptable to dip your chicken nuggets in a wendys frosty? user 
"subway hands down . 
"rt user sometimes i dream about little caesars user 
".user user have teamed up for clothes that looks like you picked them out 3a after too many tequila shots . 
"roasted sweet potato wedges + chipotle mayo = sex" 
"lmfao another user tweet sponsored by user . 
"rt user zaxbys &gt; raising canes" 
"user user we ready!" 
"user arby's is bringing back its venison sandwich . 
"burger king promoting wendys loosing their nuggets is why they suck ass and will always suck ass" 
"i want subway." 
"why do i keep torturing myself by going back to panda express when it's somehow even worse now than it used to be" 
"update: its mcdonalds" 
"i once demanded free chicken at kfc and they said "fuck off kaolo koelie". i reported this and their account is sti . 
"does it count as eating right is the pizza came from subway?" 
"sir, i am just up in this subway for a $4.99 meal deal and unlimited refills, not to listen to you holler at your secretary on the phone." 
"petty caleb has arrived. . 
"rt user when you're drunk as hell at mcdonalds at 1:30 in the morning and the police walk in . 
"mane ion even ask for their ice cream nomo . 
"rt user user user user omg please save that child no wonder they grow up messed up with that kind o" 
"*pays for subway* worker: enjoy your meal! jack: you too!.. " 
"future foods! taco bell is testing chicken &amp; biscuits . stupiddope . 
"rt user chick-fil-a southaven cow auditions for "as need basis" are wed. oct 11th 10am-1pm @ 917 ferncliff drive, southaven " 
"drop by the campus community hub (next to subway in yamnuska hall) tonight between 4 and 7 p.m. for colouring &amp;... . 
"taco bell is really tryna see how far they can go with all this new shit lol" 
"user i steal sauce packets from taco bell" 
"bruh. they be at the krystals on the corner. no lie. same old heads. . 
"rt user a millionaires tax won't fix this. . 
"oh so like my chick-fil-a is closed what in the fork am i going to do now. this has been so disappointing, like loosing my first born." 
"u don't like it? . 
"okay taco bell, if you dont have a food item take if off your menu so i dont try and order it." 
"but still, thank you for the supreme burrito taco bell. love you" 
"16:05 reported accident at/near little caesars , 1725 university ave" 
"we like venison! . 
"user somebody said you gonna bring chick-fil-a to work for us " 
"update: chick-fil-a may be closed but mexican food is always a perfect choice. " 
"lol i knew better rt user negative . 
"rt user courage in 2017 is when chipotle puts sour cream in ur bowl on accident and u eat it anyway." 
"i think im like crazy addicted to taco bell and their tacos what is happening lol" 
"*wendys* . 
"who wants to bring this guy some taco bell? butlikeforreal" 
"yeah... because everyone has wanted one of those. . 
"user user brighton,mi location. really?! . 
"anyone hears word about a chick-fil-a coming lmk corinththings" 
"user i like the korean bbq behind the mcdonalds on the strip" 
"yall come eat at chick-fil-a 5pm-8pm right now to help support obhs interact! if you put your receipt in the basket we get 20%" 
"user user i'll never forget the time we had 7am practice and all the specialist went to mcdonalds." 
"user user user omg for realllll user 
"user would like to know when the new user in hattiesburg, ms. oak grove community is going to open?" 
"last week i asked the girls in my bible study if they wanted to meet at a different location this week. they voted krispy kreme blessed" 
"- i want chipotle and my back rubbed. " 
"ok well i just sat in ur drive through for like 5 mins with no help so im salty @ yall. i just wanted some fries . 
"rt user other people my age are getting married, starting families, buying houses...and i had to unbutton my pants while eating" 
"we 's tacolovers tacobell tacofriday tacowithmygirl @ taco bell . 
"yooooo stomachhhh be fucked up . 
"rt user ordered a salad at chick-fil-a tonight, and you know what, it was not my pleasure." 
"rt user if you put mayo or ketchup on a chick-fil-a sandwich, you're the police" 
"rt user how are ppl not close with their moms? like i call that girly just to tell her i got taco bell and usually all she say" 
"y'all burger king paid to promote a random persons tweet just so they could reply to it s h o o k . 
"you did it again user you made my pizza dreams come true . 
"rt user mcdonalds a upgrade. that 4 for 4 at wendys more like it.....whatyouwanttodrink . 
"user user no sir texas is due for a win in this rivalry." 
"the subway portraits of helen levitt . . 
"user you always wildin out in twitter fam. food good tho" 
"user and then goes to mcdonalds after you give him money" 
"rt user when youre craving chick-fil-a but its sunday . 
"user did u tweet this before or after u got taco bell" 
"this salad from subway " 
"young subway . 
"rt user yo mcdonalds why even ask me what sauce would i like with my nuggets if youre not going to throw them in the bag." 
"i saw that today. must be competing with mcdonalds lol . 
"all i want is some sweet tea from mcdonalds " 
"rt user mcdonalds is date, sitting in our car talking is a date, laying in bed is a date, watching netflix is a date. money doe" 
"come for the coffee stay for the donuts. @ krispy kreme jersey city . 
"user yea, right across from starbucks lol" 
"i love u user . 
"rt user how am i not supposed to believe in conspiracy theories when even chick-fil-a has a secret menu" 
"rt user my mood is krystal being upset at jonghyun /everyday/ for giving playboy away" 
"bugging . 
"forgot to tweet that i received my starbucks giftcard &amp; tarte teeth whitening pen from user thank you . 
"boycott list . 
"rt user actress arrested for 'trying to push woman on to subway' . via user 
"we playing chess while they playing checkers " 
"user user user it would keep loads of buses out of the city, and offer improved nj subway tr . 
"cool story bro . 
"brand accounts such as wendy's, mcdonalds, etc. i want to be twitter famous and have a reply from big corporate businesses" 
"saw a guy walk out of dunkin donuts with a box of donuts and roses... . 
"all im trying to say is if you go to taco bell you should try a chipotle chicken loaded griller" 
"rt user on the subway fuming at the difference btw reactions to meryl streeps statement (too late, not genuine) and clooneys (w" 
"user we could have 1300 days of subway tile and be happy." 
"i second this notion . 
"ill be at the s train today at grand central station 3-6pm and penn station beside mcdonalds from 8-11pm. see you there :)" 
"user user user it's more memorabilia than actual food people intend to eat." 
"peer leaders participate in year-long chick-fil-a leader academy . 
"rt user these cosplayers (who were 2 of 3 ricks wading around the restaurant) were nice, though. mcdonalds " 
"how the hell do you forget the meat user . 
"the lady in the car behind me in the white castle drive-through looked like she was having a rough day" 
"talk about being 13 years late. . 
"user i'm reaching out to you today as id like to speak to you regarding licensing kfc and col sanders for a line of retail products." 
"some of kfc, wal-mart chicken comes from private prison slave labor scheme . 
"who doesnt think user &amp; amazon are relationship goals ad . 
"oh dear god not fair . 
"rt user i've drained so many losers this week i've lost count. my starbucks for the week was paid 3 times findom domme " 
"rt user do you like starbucks? follow us and retweet this for a chance to win a free starbucks gift card!" 
"rt user a group of subway riders got so tired of a man shouting racial epithets at them that they booted him off the train . 
"rt user dear user ceo kevin johnson (at gwsummit), we want a 100% recyclable cup! bettercup . 
"ya nuggets almost broke my fucking teeth off smh . 
"user user check your account. they probably took the money and not credit your card. no response from . 
"rt user dont look at my twitter to see how my relationship is going i could tweet im so done n itll be cos my mom didnt g" 
"got a sleepy kitty in my lap but a growling stomach and chipotle in the fridge what do i do" 
"user what should i get from user 
"user yes. his diet is 95% chipotle" 
"i'm at user in edison, nj . 
"i love new york.. dare to mess and you'll get ur shit rocked . 
"arbys is bless" 
"starbucks truck has such a huge line... but coffee . 
"rt user i just really love chipotle" 
"the taco bell jar fastfoodbroadway" 
"rt user west side arbys fastfoodbroadway user . 
"scuse me... what the fuck is this? . 
"love the petty . 
"user user i go to starbucks everyyy once in a blue moon and it's a risky financial decision every time " 
"riders shove man shouting racial slurs off brooklyn subway, throw soup on him . via user 
"rt user the lion burger king fastfoodbroadway" 
"rt user the latest coffee, starbucks and zen daily! . thanks to user user user re" 
"user user bro at 2:30 pm?" 
"rt user laguardi's a mess. subway sucks. manhattan traffic worse than ever. penn station as bad, per usual. good job, cuomo " 
"good to know . 
"user impressive!! i ate an entire 12 pk from taco bell and went to bed 30 mins afterwards" 
"rt user maybe weinstein got turned on by reading this actual bible verse? ezekiel2320 sorry starbucks forgive me. . 
"rt user i love new york.. dare to mess and you'll get ur shit rocked . 
"user shiiiiid dominos, pizza hut, whole foods, my kitchen, a tortilla with toppings on it, etc" 
"i luvvv dunkin donuts hashbrowns" 
"i wanna sucker punch this lady in front of me at chipotle ive been in line for twenty five minutes" 
"pizza hut taste like shit bruh" 
"i felt this struggle before but since i work at mcdonalds i be giving out like 2 or 3 sauces no matter what amount . 
"in the middle of a wonderful user afterno-oo-oon with user . 
"user the bullshit carved bullshit" 
"me when there was no prize in the cracker jack box. . 
"toms river chipotle been off its game lately...." 
"user user a bunch of white guys rhythmically snapping their fingers in unison.... . 
"m.t.a. n.y.c. subways: a train irregular subway service at w. 4th st. traffic . 
"rt user first of all user , who told y'all to get rid of spicy nuggets?!?" 
"bro what is arbys doing? this is the third anime reference yall have made . 
"rt user "finna walk into mcdonalds bout to make columbine look not so schwifty. shoulda had sheshwan" - overheard at community co" 
"burger king throwing shade . 
"so does user .... . 
"rt user beauty &amp; the roast beast fastfoodbroadway user . 
"firaga sauce and mtn dew shinra blast plz . 
"new yorkers setting a good example with how to deal with a shithead . 
"user omg do you know how angry i fucking get?! it's like when people post their subway sandwiches..... like stop omg" 
"crispy crab balls with chipotle tartar sauce are the perfect holiday, game day, or party appetizer! . 
"rt user i told the taco bell guy not to give me any napkins. reverse psychology shit." 
"the kids build your own at chipotle" 
"yo they're so dope for this lol . 
"rt user when ya mom ask ya to stop by mcdonalds but ya remember on march 16,1998 when she asked did ya have mcdonalds money ht" 
"yes but good burgers not mcdonalds burgers lol . 
"this is great . 
"user user someone on our team who wasn't even in the presentation brought them up today too!" 
"fastfoodbroadway starlight panda express" 
"micro business development! . 
"why are these girls at starbucks talking about how everyone they knew were having sex in 5th grade?????? im scared and confused." 
"rt user i approve of this tweet. i also approve of those fries. i also may or may not be the english voice of this dude. https:/" 
"user dont care if you endorse it. how is that even allowed? you like it because it comes with crayons . 
"hey insomniac! excellent review! . 
"hey user , excellent review! . 
"m.t.a. metro north railroad: new haven line irregular subway service at grand central terminal traffic . 
"chipotle lines are od" 
"rt user get your cheese fix at your local user on october 15th for national cheese curd day! cheesecurdday giveaway " 
"user user thank you so much for good space w/lattes, frappuccinos, nytimes, music, &amp; good baristas. t . 
"i love arby's . 
"on crowded subway stairs w/ user a tone-deaf young (but not so young) person says: "it's like we're goin . 
"rt user jack is so stan worthy he bought ppl starbucks today and thats so cute of him . 
"damn bk bringing back the spice... wendy's u were wrong for that . 
"user this the way i wouldve came home from subway if some lady cursed me out while i was making her sandwich . 
"i love ny . 
"he did this on the l. come do that shit on 2, 3, 4 &amp; 5 line. watch what happens. . 
"this the way i wouldve came home from subway if some lady cursed me out while i was making her sandwich . 
"tuesday night r train. nycsubwayportraits nyc train subway metro publictransportation . 
"rt user son ain't no way i'm about to be eating cereal out of a cat bowl in the middle of the subway platform bc it's "photography "" 
"a swarm of people dressed as ronald mcdonald apparently regularly attack this burger king. . 
"has anyone else carrying around stuck on the subway cookies?" 
"burger king out here throwing shade with the promotion . 
"user there is an injured passenger at astor pl. see service changes for 4/5/6 trains. . 
"always making the decision between the hot subway car and being so smushed against people you can't breathe and both suck" 
"this couple is having a really really intense argument on the subway right now. universal health care is breaking couples apart" 
"a starbucks without a restroom and working wi-fi is useless (@ starbucks) on yelp . 
"welp i just ran into one of user ex-girlfriends (from lake mary) at chick-fil-a (in new york city)" 
"god ihatethemta nycsubway mtasucks hey user and user fix our subway you idiots! can't wait to vote a . 
"when you're on the subway how bout you not scream and curse at the person you are face timing. or better yet don't facetime them " 
"the subway is fucked." 
"user oh na i was by the one in the subway boo" 
"not sure if the a/c just turned on in the subway car or if i have entered a new adjustment phase where disgusting heat feels cool." 
"starbucks is always out of the strawberry aa and honestly idk im over it" 
"chipotle cheddar jalapeo burger! on our regular weekly special!!! burger burgermadness . 
"retweeted nyct subway (user see below information about service changes impacting 4, 5 and 6 trains.... . 
"just realized some ppl read on the subway only to avoid making awkward eye contact other ppl" 
"i just saw a boy on the subway finish his pizza and then throw the crust out the door at the next stop..." 
"whataburger always tastes like regret. always." 
".user promoting my tweet dragging user over spicy chicken nuggets is the greatest thing to happen to me i . 
"user she is a mcdonalds executive who made her fame preaching all mcdoubles are made equal" 
"there is a dude playing a recorder at the times square subway station and hes fucking awful god my ears are bleeding" 
"rt user new yorkers are the best . 
"i see this all over the city. williamsburg coffee shops advertising their limited edition covfefe. you are doing wh . 
"user the subway had lines going up to street level and commuters were walking down the middle of the street . 
"subway driver continued: yeah, you should probably just take the bus" 
"oh good looking out . 
"at school, on the subway, at concerts... . 
"here's what george washington had to say about homework: "burger king finished eating dogs."" 
"sorry but the limearita part made me giggle. just feels "right" . 
"user cause you had ya mind set on the wendys " 
"update from the south: just paid $7.50 for a bowl and chips at chipotle. same thing cost me $11.50 last week in nyc. whyyy" 
"i just saw a body on the subway tracks im so shook :(" 
"user user yo i was in grand central getting off the subway one time and a pregnant woman was ca . 
"what do you know, starbucks declines and gets a replacement ceo? . 
"a thing i dont see people talking about re trump is how many capitalist entities benefit even from opposing him. . 
"user pizza hut buffet is trash. " 
"yes brooklyn . 
"rt user user you guys have got to be the worst fucking subway system in the world!!" 
"user user this guy is horrible, just give us kfc" 
"user also when tried to get a poster from mcdonalds an angry fan kicked a glass door open with two middle f . 
"lmk or tag someone who is down for filming &amp; hangs &amp; (like not an entire bag of money but you know more than a chipotle meal)" 
"thank you user for introducing me to such greatness. . 
"rt user those kfc $5 boxes sound good right now! i'm hungro af." 
"rt user we'll drag your old ass in and out of arbys all day, all night. we don't give a shit. eat arbys" 
"the woman with the soup...amazing . 
"reporting live from the subway, where a person has spit onto the floor of the car twice in the past 3 minutes" 
"free panda express entree with any purchase :: . . 
"user user when you live in the pizza mecca of the world" 
"mcdonalds usually . 
"parents first time to nyc. the subway is fine yall. then as we enter the subway the cops are literally carrying a dead body out... " 
"an old man tried to yell at this cute brown women at starbucks today so naturally i intervened &amp; said "we don't know you, don't talk to us"" 
"i got a free drink from starbucks" 
"rt user i aspire to be as wealthy as user ... boy ordered sushi &amp; wine in dunkin donuts . 
"i love when we come together . 
"i love this song!!! . 
"rt user ad craving something spicy? try this creamy corn chowder with user chipotle peppers. yum! vivalamorena " 
"rt user 89% of canadians are in the wrong line at tim hortons" 
"this is what pewdiepie said off-the-record about 12 year olds: "burger king finished eating instagram."" 
"user wow! over 1,318 false statements made by you in 238 days!!those fact checkers are gonna collapse!! liar!!user 
"nah yall not eating the chipotle right nfs yall cant be lmaooo" 
"im back as mayor!! free lattes for all!! (@ starbucks in new york, ny) . 
"will i regret never having eaten at a boston market when i die? i kinda think maybe" 
"cant wait until a smaller, portable tesla powerwall comes out so i can steal all of my electricity from starbucks" 
"the workers at chipotle gave me enough food for four days and i'm not mad" 
"user user ohhhh shit! . 
"rt user trash . 
"subway scenes . 
"nice... . 
"i litterally just did this at chipotle... lowkey now im shook . 
"rt user nah yall not eating the chipotle right nfs yall cant be lmaooo" 
"see also: dealing with racist lawyers on the subway . 
"ew i haven't eaten mcdonalds in years and i just got reminded why i don't eat that shit i feel so sick.. only had some nuggets forreal" 
"rt user uncomfortably vague note at starbucks... . 
"see what happens when you drink lime a ritas. . 
"user there is an nypd investigation of passenger injury at astor pl. see service changes for 4/5/6 trains. . 
"carrer: science &gt; seeking fact checkers for freelance projects &gt;... . career" 
"teaching a songwriting class... whatup user user user user user user user . 
"not having a monthly subway pass has rendered me socially stunted" 
"user user krystal ball look deep into ur self and note ur bernie purity is pure bullshit. maybe sp . 
"user subway delight?" 
"user yeah but this mf got arrested lmao, and chipotle always be staring at u when u ask for a water cup" 
"rt user when you finally get your twin(user in your hands for all that user pictures/bragging she was d " 
"shrimp with chipotle-bourbon butter try it once and youll forever crave this shrimp cooked in a... . via user 
"taco bell and grubhub need to link up." 
"rt user would you be ok if only 1 in 10 subway trains ran on time? sherylsandberg wsjwomenin . 
"shout out ny . 
"rt user we get to the concert venue and the first thing gabby wants is dairy queen" 
"rt user user user where is my where is my sechuan sauce. thanks for lying to me about the promotion one day more " 
"ok but what do you expect when they sell dilly bars . 
"rt user whose man is out here getting drunk on lime-a-rita at 2pm . 
"user does anyone know the release date" 
"rt user 90s back . 
"man i love my fellow new yorkers. heres to you soup lady! . 
"rt user wow people are fucking disgusting ! smh!! . 
"stlvsnyr going from home yday yankees game and these isles fans starting whatever chant to make fun of nyr on subway" 
"shawty dumped her au bon pain mac &amp; cheese on him . 
"there she stood waiting on the subway platform for a 1 train that would never come - a short biography" 
"a cousin sent me a pizza hut gift card, so i wouldn't have to cook on my birthday---very, very nice of him to think of me" 
"user user user still more people than a user rally. the line at starbucks was longer." 
"i hate kfc, but their $5 famous bowl meal changed my life" 
"it may have been easier for the new yorker, with its army of exceptional fact checkers, to greenlight the story. . 
"brutal commute on 4/5 today. user nyc subway" 
"watch: bizarre iphone video captures pregnant woman fighting in mcdonald's! . fight joy105com mcdonalds" 
"get this man off the streets !!! help user capture the subway slasher. . 
"tv pitch: a reality show starring five couples that are always arguing on the subway" 
"today a full blown waterfall came through the ceiling of my moving subway car. survivor nyc" 
"rt user these subway ads about cancelling plans because you never want to leave your bed double as ads for depression. . 
"puppy in a trader joes bag on the subway its only his second time... hes not a fan" 
"user are they talking about the subway because it's a disaster right now" 
"rt user hope you're not too hungry or thirsty. the newsstands on the second avenue subway line have yet to open. " 
"i accidentally stole someone else's muffin today at starbucks, so i'm basically in antifa now, right?" 
"anyone know if the user subway arrival boards for fmjz trains are actually "live" or based on a schedule? asking for me. subway mta nyc" 
"only took 1.5 hours to get home by subway tonight. wow. talk about a failing mta. . 
"fuck outta here! glad to see his bitchass getting pushed off!! . 
"user i don't think i've ever had 3g, i just live by the whims of starbucks wifi. i sort of forgot there was a better option? " 
"user i believe it's chipotle and he's looking to keep it safe on the ride home. i'd do it with paula's donuts so i get it lol" 
"i just want mcdonalds sos" 
"i love my city . 
"never seen anything like this before. user promoting a consumer tweet user to then swoop into the replie . 
"ok with paula's donuts. but chipotle can go into the trash imo . 
"we love ny! . 
"user user user worthless comment. i asked my bro what was in the big mac secret sauce since he . 
"is this real bring back real rap send these cornballs to mcdonalds oldschool . 
"rt user nyc y'all . 
"tons of delays in the subway from soho. good thing the ehs squad can travel home together! " 
"i'm at starbucks in new york, ny . 
"i've been comin to my local dunkin donuts that the girl who always makes my order has such an obvious crush on me" 
"user subway time" 
"even user is testing a veggie burger! here's a look at how the veggie burger went from niche to mainstream. . 
"i was harassed by this female employee at starbucks da other day. she said she finds it sexy when a latino man w/ beard orders punkin spice" 
"i don't think i'll be going for the user tonight. . 
"rt user seriously user user it even possible to get anywhere in a reasonable amount of time by subway anymore? mtafailsa" 
"subway delays ---- here we go! nycvotes" 
"bodietl asked about subway delays: would he work with gov. cuomo?" 
"i love my city. no room for hate!! . 
"user roller rink pa's= new york subway train conductors (pre-computerized trains)" 
"rt user yep it's the lousy nyc subway system mta nycsubway . 
"dietl obviously knows nothing about the debate between cuomo and de b on funding the subway's "emergency plan." com . 
"rt user nyc user executives should be forced to ride their subway to work every day. maybe then wed get some proper function dow" 
".user goes after user for not taking subway, but doesn't really answer question" 
"subway talk...i been dreadfully wanting to listen to all 3. nycvotes ny1debate" 
"user i mean, i don't know, but people at starbucks noticed he wasn't right. it's all so weird. and such a w . 
"why is user promoting this lmao user &gt; user . 
"rt user my city dont stand for this bullshit . 
".user to user i will work with gov. cuomo to resolve this (subway crisis). are you afraid of gov. cuomo?" 
"aunt kristy is literally the best i'm about to get taco bell there's a 65% chance i'll still continue to play with . 
"breaking: here's what pewdiepie said off-the-record about mcdonalds: "a dog is failing to meet the standards of words."" 
"thanks for coming over to user . 
"user user just awful isnt it my best friend as all my free votes and support been up till 6 and 7 . 
"user user speaking of, did you ever read about the case where a guy in a wheelchair sued beca . 
"user just laughed too loudly on the subway " 
""if gov. cuomo would support it...it could be achieved," user says of millionaire's tax for subway money" 
"user user chipotle is straight trash so youre not missing anything" 
"so user says he has no plans for the subway congestion." 
"nfl apologize 2your patriotic customers/viewers. you too, cowardly sponsors. user user . 
"subway rant: wild video shows a man hurling racial slurs at people on an l train this weekend -- and . 
"user he is actually great, standing up for the homeless, correctly saying the subway is a wreck. this is . 
"so somewhat sorry? . 
"rt user damn fact-checkers go crazy president trump has made 1,318 false or misleading claims in just 263 days user " 
"rt user never stop for pad thai in the middle of nowhere. just go to taco bell and move on" 
"the ass whooping i would have put on that child of the devil!!!!!! . 
"user user user so you lost the argument now you hit me with the classic yeah but. hmm were they bleach . 
"we don't eat little caesars . 
"user is a multi million dollar company but can't do shit about the fruit flies on the veggies" 
"user additional subway trunk lines to the bronx, queens, &amp; brooklyn + up zoning would create massive amo . 
"lady working at chipotle rips my burrito while folding it and asks if it's ok to put it in a bowl. ummm no? lol" 
"deadstar is so fucking user krispy kreme yaaa bitch i stay clean ~ - . xxx nsfw adult" 
"burger king has the best fries!! if you don't agree, then mcdonalds has the best fries!! it doesn't matter.. i just want people to like me.." 
"i have somehow run into 5 ppl i know on the street or subway in the last week and i need to know what is happening!!! user ur freakin me out" 
"this fuck got what he deserved. . 
"user user but the hardys couldnt be in game at launch but this colonel sanders b.s is ?" 
""he went on the subway once, he stops the trains, he got all the homeless off..." -user in a question ostensibly about policing" 
"user user user the colonel is just a created superstar with a premade attire." 
"user ball. and no, that's not a typo. her name is krystal ball." 
"can we make younger popping on the subway illegal please and thank you" 
"user user user a lot of kids take the bus crosstown alone but aren't allowed to take the subway." 
"user i absolutely adore your "find the xyz in the photo" advertisements in the subway. as a commuter they help k . 
"rt user deblasio is correct. new york state took our subway maintenance money. now they want us to chip in to fix it. " 
"they should've debated in a crowded subway car nycmayoraldebate . 
"i'm moving to grammercy i feel like a human starbucks latte" 
"holy shit user took the subway home with your boy &amp; you were more than right user user . 
"can some1 splain me this user schezuan sauce rickandmorty thing?" 
"i fucnking love subway" 
"rt user love what illustrator soo min kim does with the iconic starbucks mermaid, placing her into funny everyday situation " 
"user tell me a joke" 
"rt user first scottish taco bell will be open by christmas . . 
"wendy's no longer sells spicy chicken nuggets, but burger king does. . 
"should've walked my ass to starbucks" 
"user he's a serial subway bigot. lockhimup" 
"the old guy on my subway with a shirt that says, no its r2d2. i loved him in star trek, with a picture of a dalek on it is me in 20 years" 
"i'm never on the train when shit like this happens. my rides consist of people that smell like public bathrooms and . 
"it's hard to watch the nycvotes mayoral debate when you're stuck on an extremely delayed subway train . 
"nowplaying krystal johnson - we believe | power of worship radio =click to listen= . 
"should have tossed him off the train while it was still moving . 
"rt user long islanders get ready for work by waking up, shoving an entire bagel up their ass, chugging dunkin donuts, and runnin" 
"rt user "he went on the subway once, he stops the trains, he got all the homeless off..." -user in a question ostensibly about" 
"guess who has deadlines and not sleeping tonight! i love starbucks . 
"example of why i love new york . 
"i made my bed (ordering an iced mocha from burger king) and now i must lie in it (keep it in my possession for the rest of the megabus ride)" 
"the only good thing from today was seeing two dogs on the subwayone was a large dog in an ikea bag and the other was a service dog " 
"the person in front of me at chipotle ordered a quesadilla in a way that made it clear she has never even heard of the spanish language" 
"rt user fried mashed potato balls - kfc australia is serving deep-fried, breaded 'gravy mashies' . " 
"rt user show your support for shu cheer tomorrow at chipotle between 5-9pm, just show this flyer at the register! help get " 
"user is responsible for nyc subway oversight not user who only is required to fund the city % of subway budget." 
"user user user i know that but still lol" 
"i'm sure y'all hear stories but some actual unheard of shit be happening on the subway" 
"light subway reading, a peoples history of the united s by howard zinn . 
"rt user the soup was a nice addition. . 
"a 60ish woman just came up to me at the 14th st. subway platform &amp; asked what train did i just miss? i said the f. she said as in fuck" 
"user subway apocalypseis not good for worldmentalhealthday" 
"strangest thing on subway. stuck btwn stations, conductor announces 30min delay. right after everyone sighs, train starts moving smoothly..." 
"it may be pumpkinspicelatte season. but that shouldn't stop you from choosing healthy drink options in starbucks . 
"user starbucks is next . 
"so mormons can dance like this but they cant open chick-fil-a on sunday? . 
"i said i didnt like arbys but didnt mind mcdonalds and some guy at work said im a typical fucking millennial. im done" 
"rt user i could eat chipotle for the rest of my life and not get tired of it" 
"finally out of the subway, but trust me: witnessing that awkward situation gave me enough anxiety to last a week." 
"rt user using my day off to listen to scotus arguments as i ride the subway. great job user ! . 
"of course the subway fucks up when i'm trying to get home to watch the usa game" 
"omg i love you starbucks" 
"i mean, listen, i think we're all happier that this piece landed in the hands of the new yorker's famous fact-check . 
"some guy just whispered to me on the subway, i just ate a whole bag of marshmallows. i gotta say thats a new one." 
"user user there were no victories to be had in that situation." 
"rt user onlinemarketing news: short attention spans, google feed rules, starbucks emojis: . seo https:/" 
"my top 10 free halloween subway art printables! (perfect for framing!) . . 
"user be happy that commute is a bitch soho seems so close until you get on the subway " 
"this tweet is hilarious only because burger king is promoting it . 
"workout 1 brought to you by dunkin' donuts' maple pecan latte and . 
"user user ayy u got the number for pizza hut?" 
"randomactsofnyckindness man on subway feels faint, woman gives up seat, another gives her water bottle for him to drink out of" 
"user is bringing me chipotle and i've never been so excited for food omg" 
"user unless dusty is playing chess while everyone else plays checkers but i doubt that very much" 
"ha, thanks for that &lt;3 irl i am a disaster. i consistently look like something the cat dragged in and i barely writ . 
"raise your hand if you were personally victimized by the subway delays today " 
"im irritated by this country . 
"chick-fil-a doesnt make mistakes. if theres something wrong with your order it was your fault" 
"love commutes home to user mostly because of subway ride conversations with my neighbors in newhouse! " 
"what's up with these petty burger king promotions against wendy's" 
"an off-broadway actress was arrested for trying to push a fellow straphanger onto the subway tracks: . 
"rt user what if there was a food place that had chick fil a chicken, raising canes sauce and bread, and jack in the box shakes" 
"checkout our awesome sessions at pratt! only 30 minutes by subway from midtown, and easy to locate! . 
"user promoted by burger king yall petty . 
"user user user dawg they best be paying u for this . 
"rt user we all hate racists . 
"chestnut praline is the most amazing starbucks drink i love my job" 
"user a starbucks without seating isn't worth going to. their coffee is overpriced, but i have a weakness for their cappuccino " 
"user user hahahhaha that was welluser as a new yorker who takes the subway i woulda threw my breakfast at him " 
"slighty creepy yet very delicious starbucks cookie . 
"rt user homelessness. subway delays. nyc's budget. highlights of the top issues from tonight's debate for mayor. . 
"when people complain at starbucks and forget were in the bronx and the employees clap back " 
"rt user new yorks 5.8 million weekday subway riders are about to get a new way of quantifying their commuting frustration . 
"because nyc ain't having that shit. . 
"it's been done so well in fic before but occasionally i sit on the subway thinking about it a lot" 
"yea, im sorry lmfaoooo . im def not giving up those 2 things . 
"we have a homeless problem in manhattan a subway system that is broken and fixing our schools and we are talking about the national anthem?!" 
"unsurprisingly, this is what my grandmom had to say about mcdonalds: "destiny 2 is failing to meet the standards of cheese."" 
"my man can go before i stop using dove ! lmfao . 
"a sankey subway, gorgeous!! . 
"user bring them back . 
"the man from the subway who loudly identifies people as "black man," "white woman," etc has learned a new ethnicity: "spanish"" 
"love my city . 
"rt user if you havent walked through the fumes of the fidi chipotle chicken vent multiple times a day you dont really go to p" 
"user just had chipotle and almost choked on this piece of rice . 
"had to repost..looks like last lap in miami was at mcdonalds... love my trini . 
"user which also requires the subway" 
"user user cool what was in the sandwich" 
"made spaghetti with chicken chipotle creme yumz watching mexico play # # . 
"lmao i love my city . 
"taco bell breakfast is really underrated" 
"love subway folks, but i hate the subway service user . 
"rt user left my son at the park (dw i tied him 2 a tree) so i could go2 mcdonalds n grab some rick n morty sauce n now my exs new ma" 
"its what he deserves . 
"yo the burger king in long beach sucks ass! don't ever go there! they gave me the worst fuckin attitude ever yo!" 
"user user is mcdonalds healthy food?" 
"i just waited 45 minutes on the starbucks line only to find out that they are out of green tea and cake pops" 
"user y'all lucky that shit ain't here yet because taco bell would have all money" 
"paris and brussels trip recap | the krystal diaries . via user 
"food&gt; syrup&gt;starbucks's secret menu apple pie frappuccino is better... food . 
"i can't trust people who order a filet-o-fish sandwich from mcdonalds.." 
"this boy at my school got me a whole pizza from dominos " 
"tg forever 21 is linking up with taco bell, i dont know how we have survived this long without it" 
". updates background-image 40 . for mcdonald's . 
"imagine not only eating taco bell...but eating egg from taco bell. god no." 
"could go for some white castle" 
"lmao so i don't exist? . 
"gentle reminder to fellow nyc residents that every once in awhile, if you have the means, it's a good thing to swipe another onto the subway" 
"forever running into people i haven't seen in months on the subway or penn station" 
"user i love feeling i watched this go from gideons subway thought to official tweet." 
"user ur chipotle bff" 
"the spread is so real on this subway. four guys taking up a whole row of subway seats..." 
"subway rule 1: if you have a book bag on take it off your fucking back. good day, sir. nycproblems" 
"rt user with chipotle queso!!!! just add a butt ton of salt and will be so much better!!! problem freaking solved user 
"kfc after class hits the spot " 
"rt user there were people squeezed in everywhere for the 1952 dodger-yankees "subway series" at yankee stadium.yankees " 
"the best of nyc and the worst of nyc in one vid. . 
"shes been turning a blind eye for awhile. malliotakis . 
"rt user - plays ultimate frisbee - suspended for vaping in bathroom - works at little caesars - wears mandals to school . 
"rt user macys be tripping if they think i got the coin to spend for m&amp;g with liam, bitch i can barely afford a subway ride" 
"rt user user ur chipotle bff" 
"rt user a rapping conductor has been catching the ears of commuters riding the nyc subway system lately . 
"rt user user boutta go get some kfc from your side . 
"user wtf where's mine?? . 
"plus the stations are less than a minute away from the studentlivingehs residences dormgoals . 
"user user oh thank god bc chipotle's is garbage and i cry everyday that there are no qdobas or chuys in nyc" 
"love my state . 
"user mcdonalds" 
"rt user nothing but love for my city . 
"yay..one for the good guys.... . 
"both user &amp; user proved they were unworthy in subway discussion (&amp; elsewhere) re user responsib . 
"dont get mad cuz ion like chick-fil-a that shit is garbage . 
"user user so you work at mcdonalds???" 
"pizza hut needs to stop spending its dollars on me if the one near me doesnt deliver" 
"rt user could you marry someone who has the mcdonalds app" 
"can you believe user and i were together for over 24 hours and not once got starbucks" 
"its always ny . 
"user user lol you have to watch the episode to understand, but rick mentions it in a scene and it catches with fans" 
"user was half expecting the sodas and beers to start flying, nwo-style. or at least the user roast beef sandwiches." 
"teenage mutant ninja turtles raphael toy 2016 mcdonalds tmnt on ebay: . tmnt raphael . 
"state of the subway has really put nyc on a level with la, transportation wise. can't read in a car but at least you know why you're stuck" 
"user i say this as i could take a subway and be there in 40 minutes not quite the same but still i should just visit more often lol" 
"i from brooklyn, i rep brooklyn all day. . 
"wow rt user wow. secret menus?! . 
"you work at starbucks? youre a barista? you want an espresso shot bitch? " 
"omg new york city ... subway new york adon soprano city . 
"2017-18 upper deck subway vancouver canucks set a treat for local collectors . . 
"wednesday lunch (1): 11a-2p user (cleveland hall in cleveland hall circle) | main &amp; eagle (along the subway tracks downtown)" 
"rt user pizza only . 
"a group of fed-up straphangers booted a belligerent subway ranter off the train, then tossed soup at him . 
"literally making nate drive me to mcdonalds to get a sweet tea bestcousinaward" 
"l train passengers, you did amazing . 
"absolutely disgusting and disrespectful . 
"user all i have is $110 because i had to pay bills today and i did overtime at mcdonalds so can you do $250 . 
"chicken beef wendys burgerking . . 
"samizayn i think i see his wings :) sdlive or maybe he means like those guys whom parade the subway" 
"user but you can ride the subway drunk. advantage: ny" 
"l train riders youre doing amazing sweeties . 
"rt user why did this remind me of user . 
"not in new york!!!! . 
"subway story 3 of the day: bumped into a guy. he said he would kill me and then spit in my general direction. but i was in the train already" 
"gave up and making user cater it . 
"how you get drunk off a lime-a-rita? fuckin thot . 
"user user or checkers" 
"rt user this is a free country. haters gonna hate. ya know? starbucks barista: sir, your order? me:*whispers* one pumpkin spice latt" 
"rt user i have reached the point where i am making coffee at home instead of getting tim hortons bc broke. this must be rock bo" 
"white liberals. let me guess he's a democrat/hillary supporter. . 
"too many zooz - warriors - subway gawdz - hq . 
"why are we having july-level subway humidity in october climatechangeisreal . 
"user any excuse to eat taco bell lol" 
"stomp him out!! . 
"user user may be they had those chai lattes at starbucks and suffering from low morale.." 
"i think i have a reason to go to arbys now lol (other than location) . 
"i wanna wish everyone a happy tuesday ladies roll up a j for your man and l ride to wendys he's been outside grinding all day for you. " 
"user ice breaker tip for user ? jack in the box jalapeo poppers am i rite" 
"tht burger king biscuit looks like itll suck the life right outta you w/o a bev" 
"to the passengers on the l train: youre doing amazing sweetie. . 
"how u a grown ass man getting this drunk off a thot juice . 
"fake news back at it again at krispy kreme . 
"i wanna dip a piece of pizza hut pizza in some beer cheese. that is all." 
"pet peeve... i know i'm being a bitch by saying it but this girl was just waiting for the subway and sat on the... . 
"rt user something went wrong with the ticketing system; tried to buy star wars tickets and ended up getting mcdonalds szechuan sa" 
"'nyu law' grad hurls racial epithets on subway earns bowl of soup to the face - above the law . 
"i saw a hot guy on the subway then he started using a stylus and he suddenly was no longer good looking" 
"rt user when can we start talking about building entire new subway routes through queens? every route is at or near capaci " 
"rt user lmao i love my city . 
"reading user sex object is too real when you look up to see an old man offering a woman to sit on his lap on a crowded subway" 
"miss that corner of starbucks katipunan i'd park myself in to get work done" 
"she really put on for everyone that has ever been asked by their mama if they got mcdonalds money...a legend . 
"user user are you referring to the ferries that carry fewer people than a crush-loss subway car?" 
"trump supporters are gonna try to boycott eminems new album the way did starbucks. good luck with that. . 
"rt user i'd pay 20 not to drink a user coffee! . 
"rt user disgusting &amp; and who tf gets drunk off a lime - rita my ass can drink 2-3 and i still won't be buzzed . 
"retweet until he is recognized and his name is made public to the world . 
"got a hunnit guns, a hunnit clips.... . 
"user user take her out to starbucks" 
"okay.. backtrack. what is rick and morty? lols. i thought i was cool. i guess not. . 
"rt user love subway folks, but i hate the subway service user . 
"rt user offering to fix the ice cream machine at mcdonalds cause it's always broken." 
""promoted by burger king" savage . 
"a lime-a-rita though? . 
"in regards to the rick and morty-mcdonalds szechuan sauce fiasco, even satan couldn't predict the turnout! (hatarak . 
"i am cryinggggg at "promoted by user lmao . 
"awe hell nah . 
"rt user burger king throwing shade via promoted tweets. . 
"hows new york? . 
"f--k papa johns, now this is sweet! . 
"rt user if you're vegan &amp; still eating at mcdonalds wtf are you doing honestly . 
"disgusting . 
"red lobster vs. mcdonalds . 
"rt user in regards to the rick and morty-mcdonalds szechuan sauce fiasco, even satan couldn't predict the turnout! (hatarak " 
"i'm at whataburger in corpus christi, tx . 
"some random number just sent me a work schedule and i just dont work at burger king so idk someones not gonna get there schedule" 
"i guess we've finally identified one of the million girls who "would kill for that role". . . . 
"23 years riding the subway and i've never seen someone fall through the gap in between the train and the platform. until today. it was me." 
"rt user cold, left over taco bell for lunch fitness" 
"user if they want to void their contracts and work at mcdonalds they can go right ahead" 
"rt user hes a lawyer... note that . 
"user i made a short list of things new yorkers would rather vote for vs a trump supporter. a subway rat cu . 
"thats what he gets for drinking thot juice . 
"l train lit . 
"i'm at taco bell in houston, tx . 
"rt user i from brooklyn, i rep brooklyn all day. . 
"this is exactly how racists should be handled. i cant wait for someone to try me like this. they aint getting no . 
"timeless design by massimo vignelli. you may have seen his designs without knowing all on the nyc subway. . 
"just got me some chick-fil-a and waffle fries.. bless up" 
"love how everyone worked together to get rid of this jackass. can we find out if he's really a lawyer and inform h . 
" "brought out the green metro card just to race the subway, brought the cash to subway, bought a sammich from... . 
"the man that kissed the boo boos away and brought mcdonalds home. had us rap battling in the basement, to our first shots." 
"ive been taking steps to be more active d2d. like getting off the subway 20 blocks early. results= increase in nightly mental health." 
"new york knows what's up . 
"bravo to the woman who threw the soup at him . 
"user i was on a subway car so crowded this morn i couldn't hold on until the next stop and was terrified i' . 
"i was supposed to go to starbucks to study, i ended up having a mental breakdown... l o l" 
"rt user be there. done that. bring something fresh... not frozen. . 
"and of course chipotle ran out of rice and every meat so now i gotta get that foolywang by my apartment." 
"not too sure how to feel about this . 
"wendy's is the real mvp forreal creamysriracha . 
"rt user why am i obsessed with taco bell??" 
"user so is mcdonalds. not my favorite restaurant." 
"that's my city . 
"user you're not even worth taking out to mcdonalds." 
"rt user user y'all getting eaten now &amp; later?! . 
"user not @ you dragging mcdonalds but deadass about the roman part " 
"i often take the l train... scary times we're living in...... nndic . 
"too bad it's still 80 degrees outside . 
"it's really awkward when a rapper on the subway doesn't finish his verse before the next stop." 
"soup throwing lady youre doing amazing sweetie . 
"colonel sanders was right kfc became a fucking disaster after he left . 
"user i cry on the subway literally every day" 
"rt user the crowd did the correct thing! fucking unbelievable . 
"you need to stop being wimpy about this and get it back . 
"rt user if you live in new york city &amp; your preferred choice of coffee shop is starbucks, you are an absolutely awful person" 
"why does burger king tweet memes without pictures? lmaooooo" 
"world needs more of this . 
"rt user a limearita . 
"i love being here . 
"user upstanders is what we're all about. . -&gt; whole playlist of changemakers. we do this for &lt;3." 
"i knew it was the l train. . 
"the worst always going on the l train. . 
"this shit is so. funny. . 
"alright new york! . 
"i need a free personal chauffeur to pick me up from the subway station" 
"everybody who went to go get szechwan sauce user is a total jerry - gabys friend rickandmorty user 
"rt user now this is the america i fuck with!!! racist people have no place on this earth!! . 
"nyu geomagnitism study in dim sum parlors are guinea pigs in ny subway is exerting on tnt. take away our arcane symbology" 
"a burger brand is publicly begging amazon to buy it and it shows tha.... 
"user oh like your house stuff. try living at starbucks." 
"rt user out of all collaborations, wwe chooses kfc's colonel for wwe 2k18. wwe2k18 kfc nintendoswitch ps4 xboxone . 
"i was gonna get a papa johns pizza with that b1g1 deal but then i found out the one pizza with the coupon costs $18. lol no, dominos pls" 
"okay that may not be a date for you. some women appreciate the little things, clearly you not one of them . 
"user i'm waiting for the subway actually but it just came" 
"update: subway has not seen my dad... . 
"rt user mcdonalds is literally the best company on the planet . 
"user happy birthday! may we all love something as much as you love nebraska and chipotle!" 
"the drive through window guy at burger king just told emily to have a delicious night " 
"user that's even worse than going to subway and having them put everything you ask for on a sandwich!" 
"rt user mommy, why am i so sick? shh. save your energy, baby does god hate me? don't be silly, there is no god. eat your arbys" 
"sweet potato cornbread "sausage" muffins, chili and chili "burgers" w cashew chipotle "mayo" on . 
"honestcakemessages i told you not to eat chipotle . 
"i know i complain about user ice cream machine being broken all the time, but this seems excessive. . 
"i wish i could say what i wanna say but people would get offended . 
"chipotle blue ash reed hartman - m4m . missedconnections" 
"im tired of seeing burger king promote tweets about user getting rid of spicy nuggets." 
"user user someone had to fucking say it" 
"user are you going to pizza hut" 
"i once tried to drunk text 911 cause i didnt know where the nearest taco bell was." 
"rt user easy and scrumptious slow cooker honey lime chipotle pork loin recipe: . crockpot . 
"cody got me taco bell, reeses cups &amp; a huge thing of sweet tea after my doctors appointment, &amp; im in heaven " 
"starting to hate working at subway , cause every time a boy walk in , they always come up with some little corny pickup line " 
"icymi: .user delivery is getting hotter ... 15 degrees hotter. . 
"i just got really happy when i realized tomorrow is wednesday and wednesdays are subway lunch dates with user " 
"rt user project life students discussing employment at mcdonalds and ymca! btinnovate . 
"rt user user today they found a body behind your store in kennewick washington and it made me sad" 
"why this tweet promoted by burger king . 
"user im eating taco bell and the sadness hasnt gone away please advise" 
"user the taco bell event" 
"oomf needs to come get her man!!! . 
"user you know what would cheer you up? arbys." 
"user nbd but user has added new chicken tenders to their menu." 
"they should at least get a real meeting for this creativity! user user user props to the marketing team! . 
"user user user i will always hate wendys 4this . 
"rt user true that i love my user especially the drive thrus user . 
"rt user im convinced that i need a second job just for my red bull and taco bell addiction." 
"you know you live at subway when you find food in your hair after work " 
"someone please bring me cinnamon twists from taco bell im begging" 
"rt user help support gsa tomorrow! go get chipotle from 4 to 8 pm and show this flyer! . 
"rt user i workout so i can eat all the junk food in the world, tonight i trained at barrys then went to taco bell immediate " 
"clouds at graduation guac zita gabby diaz ah showing go ucla di fish dhl ox you flax sickbay kfc con blow do dish j . 
"rt user this chipotle worker really said this is my third day in a row. like what are you so loud for? i asked for extra ric" 
"rt user love new york . 
"guy at taco bell apologized for startling me when he opened the window because i wasn't paying attention...." 
"rt user for papa johns sake, dude" 
"i despise eastgate chipotle" 
"dude from starbucks told me drive safe , wonder if he heard me do a boosted launch from the stop light" 
"the thin crust pizza from dominos is so fucking good im only ordering from dominos from now on." 
"turn around and die user 
"fuck you user . 
"user omg next gift for jess . 
"locals tweet this three times a day . 
"user boy i know i seen u at the red box at mcdonalds an u was wearin skullcandy headphones with a george colla . 
"this wasnt me user but is this vandalism or advertising? either way its a good marketing scheme . 
"i'm sorry but every time the colonel from kfc says "finger licking good" it makes me highly uncomfortable" 
"about chipotle. lol" 
"user user hows their water tho?" 
"rt user dropping the nasty subway sandwich prank video in a few minutes. wait till you see the workers faces." 
"does sign diaz xbox foo idiots womb gofag cnn bay spat soak dixon fl kfc gm fag clash floods ac bulb cock gay foots . 
"my son said bring him some cookies home, but im bringing subway instead i eat subway every night now lmfao" 
"user you just gonna let them promote this level of shade on twitter? . 
"user why must you do this to us . 
"lmao bet he aint a lawyer anymore . 
"rt user your mcm paid $300 dollars for some mcdonalds cartoon dipping sauce but refused to donate to puerto rico, he 27" 
"rt user cincinnatians: i'm currently holding office hours on the sidewalk outside the taco bell on e. mcmillan. no need to knock," 
"user user lets go to mcdonalds" 
"rt user wonder if aaron will let me be the woman in the new escalade at starbucks at 1pm after her pilates class super stre " 
"i just really want taco bell" 
"i always said to my friends i don't eat checkers or shoprite cakes but to them it's like i'm being petty.. they tas . 
"user i only beat you in 2 of 3 because you got me in golf but that shit was confusing me but now were settling it in checkers" 
"rt user boy what chick-fil-a you at??? . 
"user pleasing the wendys gods" 
"i want chipotle tomorrow " 
"rt user yes please! . 
"my america . 
"rt user lmaooo burger king really promoted this . 
"user i had taco bell &amp; im up with severe stomach pains. i gotta get up at 3:30 for work " 
"i really want a peppermint mocha from mcdonalds" 
"blue raspberry freeze from taco bell " 
"me ordering chipotle and they stuff me on the chicken . 
"at starbucks rn" 
"working at chipotle is a fuckin blessing " 
"gal bartender in nashville - her great grandma invented the shamrock shake i swear to god.. said she was the first woman to own a mcdonalds" 
"any em fan who liked frump completely missed the point of his music, like rick &amp; morty fans shouting at mcdonalds fans about nugget sauce." 
"rt user user did you really get 17 packets a store or did your managers just make buku side cash pissed " 
"mcdonald's runs out of szechuan sauce, and police are called to handle angry crowds . 
"starbucks is beyond overpriced." 
"user new idea for a seasonal item. the mcturkey sandwich for thanksgiving." 
"anne hutchinson's house... thanks chipotle . 
"i might set a stanley black &amp; decker record for amount of time chick-fil-a shows up on an expense report" 
"rt user no one wants yalls pigeon nuggets! . 
"rt user ducked up the burger king on myrtle isn't 24 hrs" 
"hey user when will you start delivering" 
"to enter the u.s. wizarding world and board the train to ilvermorny, do you have to run your cart thru the bathroom door of a dunkin donuts?" 
"new autumn carved turkey at subway is the real deal believethehype" 
"i've always been curious why user doesn't have a sweet bologna option." 
"no problem here! . 
"if got a dollar every time starbucks has been spelled my name wrong id have enough money to buy more starbucks for the rest of my life." 
"is it possible to get food poisoning from a chai latte from starbucks? because that's all i had yesterday before i got violently ill." 
"rt user something i over heard a very lawyerly man say over the phone on a subway once-"of course cats cant read dave"" 
"user so surprised no one on here has bashed you for this yet... i dont even have a papa johns near me uni05cry, just a dominos" 
"user user jordynne any chance i could get a follow back? sovereign . 
"i'm at starbucks in pittsburgh, pa w/ user . 
"there was a sign that said "do you like tacos and horror?" is that like the shits you get after taco bell?" 
"the disrespect. . 
"just found out theres no starbucks in the mall im transferring to. hold up while i cry my eyes out onewaytosavemoney" 
"id do anything for this to happen tbh . 
"man accused of sexually assaulting 2-year-old in chick-fil-abathroom . . 
"i love this. . 
"user this is literally our relationship . 
"rt user dont miss out! stop into hob restaurant &amp; bar for chipotle bacon mac &amp; cheese before its gone! book your table at " 
"pumpkin frozen custard has been a thing long before starbucks! get it today or go for our caramel crunch flavor! . 
"if u get 3+ drinks in the starbucks drive thru i donut like u" 
"trump: we're here to take the iq test so that--once and for all--we can prove that i, donald j trump, am smart cashier: this is a starbucks" 
"rt user starbucks leaves me with like -5 i feel your pain too well . 
"user quick, someone make a revive meme." 
"me when this kid in front of me at chipotle got a burrito with just chicken and the tortilla and nothing else on it . 
"who gives a fuck, shits trash anyways. . 
"rt user what if user regional rail trains ran more like the subway? user says its possible with a few tweaks: . 
"user user my point was about them not realizing the amount of demand for the sauce vs what they supplied, but ok..." 
"go to chipotle today and support wilson theater thank u :^)" 
"whether going for modern or classic, this subway brick tile with 3d beveled edges could fit the bill. homedecor . 
"rt user has anyone ever gotten hot sauce and napkins in their taco bell bag? i believe its company policy that you get one or the ot" 
"i like your music n all but bruh you fuckin crazy for this one . 
"oh arby's never change . 
"user tiffany user is incredible, i went in twice today and she remembered my name and order! attentionpays" 
"wow they are good... . 
"user yeah idk the angle behind user with inuyasha either; but it wont be long before naraku rises again t . 
"i remember why i stopped eating taco bell now" 
"love this . 
"rt user calling all chipotle lovers! we've teamed up with the chipotle on forbes today from 4-8pm. details in the flyer att " 
"the burger king and i fastfoodbroadway" 
"rt user ferguson baker goes from two hand mixers to supplying user . 
"i'll take a beef and cheddar with a side of half demon angst . 
"make m- *thump* . 
"attention: taco bell has now put their breaded chicken triangles in a quesadilla this is not a drill." 
"chipotle fundraiser today! from 4-10pm, you have the perfect excuse to go get a burrito! " 
"are you good . 
"for our vegetarian friends, chick-fil-a has you covered too! chickfilamoms . 
"user running out of fake stories? . 
"kudos to the anti-fascist tie-dyed grandma who threw a glass bottle at this asshole. . 
"rt user wtf, i got declined for a medicine ball tea at starbucks and i check my account and all my bills wanna charge my account toda" 
"rt user the taco bell jar fastfoodbroadway" 
"rt user i want taco bell" 
""promoted by user . 
"10-10-2017 @ kfc - kentucky fried chicken . 
"rt user pizza hut delivery is getting 15 degrees hotter . 
"i still don't have my szechuan sauce user . 
"victor mclaglen - the first man jack johnson fought after becoming world heavyweight champion (exhibition bout). . 
"i just watched the mcdonalds hiring manager yell at this boy because he wanted to work here with a penn state degree. inspiring." 
"we have a 16 hour drive today and guess who instead of sleeping stayed up all night talking to an arbys employee on tinder" 
"rt user all of my nepa followers! make sure you stop by chipotle this sunday 4-8pm! supportwbb . 
"&amp; bacon fondue fries . 
"chipotle queso is pretty disappointing" 
"omg danny arbys mvp of the week . 
"user user free speech off hours and you suspension hill. espn hates african americans who sleek up for injustice. espngotohell" 
"rt user user user free speech off hours and you suspension hill. espn hates african americans who sleek up for injustice. e" 
"user it means u get mcdonalds ;)" 
"too upset to spell check. simply go to hell espn with all the trump white men . 
"user can you believe this?! user doesn't sell spicy chicken nuggets still.. bk.. my way.. !" 
"user user user cancelled my cable of all espn. hill not allowed free speech on own time. go to hell . 
"everybody that's works at this mcdonalds user has the nastiest attitudes. if you don't like customer service go get an office job" 
"user user ketchup on a big mac? you monster" 
"i just walked into a burger king listening to music from the new blade runner and for the first time i realized i was living in the future" 
"trump white house is white bread white, white rice white, no wonder trump and pence have no clue what nfl protest i . 
"hey user how about u hold the extra shitty oh so smart fans of ur show accountable for turning the user thing into a fiasco?" 
"taco bell is hands down the most non driver friendly fast food" 
"rt user met user on the subway. go follow my man" 
"yeah i definitely want taco bell" 
"hey delsin, heard you're getting banished from the tribe for setting fire to that starbucks. . 
"rt user imagine giving up mcdonalds because of a fucking sauce and not the horrors of the meat industry lol" 
"the 1975 just came on in taco bell. highlight of my day" 
"the ladies at starbucks on campus already know drink order " 
"user i like to take pics in my ugg boots and north face with our starbucks labels showing" 
"rt user a five-story chick-fil-a is a thing that's happening. . 
"random guy and i just bonded over how fucking obnoxious teenagers are in the subway" 
"nycs lime-a-rita racist says he isnt that sorry for his subway tirade: its the first f*cking amendment . 
"stop by chipotle on forbes ave tonight and get some grub! if you tell them that pulse sent you we get half of the cost of your meal!!! if y" 
"walking down forbes and i passed a mcdonalds and at least 400 rick and morty fans were rioting about trumps sauce ban. oh and i was slammed" 
"fucking soccer moms talking on the phone while driving is the worst thing to happen since the krispy kreme closing by me" 
"rt user thanks, rawrrrrrrr!!!! . 
"user our local subway sucks" 
"been eating chipotle heavily lately, but the shits been bomb!!!" 
"rt user i love how the promoted tweet underneath is kfc like that relates to user so hard! . 
"user vanilla pink berry sounds delish. new starbucks flavor?" 
"don't let that sweaty guy fool u lol . 
"when i tell user were going on a date but we to to burger king . 
"rt user when you realize chick-fil-a is closed because its sunday." 
"every time im adventurous with my starbucks order i regret it" 
"user since your burgers are never frozen what do you do with the leftover pattys that you cant use anymore?" 
"coming 10/12 5-7pm, fire prevention event @ mcdonalds at 1 shadow oak dr, mechanicsburg, in partnership w/ silver spring community fire co." 
"hes fine tho . 
"user user l will eat or drink anything mcdonalds, because of the extra l got in an order.{bugs . 
"this is exactly how we should be handling racist people . 
"he said mcdonald's food is better than subway.. what state he in? . 
"rt user 'rick and morty' fans are not happy about how that szechuan sauce promotion went down . 
"user user i dunno, i don't go to kfc anymore. it's on the other side of the interstate so i may get shot . 
"murfreesboro, tn - panera bread company - cashier line cook delivery driver - cashi... . driving job murfreesboro" 
"rt user play chess, not checkers :)" 
"everytime he pulls up with taco bell without you asking . 
"burger king so petty tho . 
"user one day later and i still cant make up my mind " 
"rt user bbm17 presented by papa johns to feature blue carpetentrance . . 
"jeff it was nice meeting you at chick-fil-a in smyrna a couple months ago. . 
"user is there a problem with the app? it keeps blinking off before i can order or pay." 
"i just pulled up to krystal to order a cold brew instead of starbucks... who allowed me to get up this early" 
"rt user back to the daily grind after nycc. like/follow on twitter, fb or insta by 10/13 for chance at a starbucks card (p " 
"rt user or mcdonald's, taco bell, ect. . 
"user take a look at this user user user user user user user user user boycottnflsponsors" 
"take a look at this user user user user user user user user user . 
"someone threw soup at him! not all heros wear capes . 
"its october 12 and ive officially ran out of money on my starbucks gift cards. sad. " 
"did you have your starbucks user user . 
"user i just want to drop out of school and still make cash to pay for panda express fym" 
"user y'all need lessons from user smh" 
"taco bell and forever 21 are linking up to create fashion . 
"he was the reason user started selling chicken nuggets -user gladestaffsays" 
"pizza hut made a jacket out of delivery pouch materials - . . 
"i figured user would be more upset about not being able to reach back row on kfc buffet than them taking out! mcds has happy meals!" 
"quick should i go to krispy kreme even though its like 20 min away" 
"jessica gets to work early to do her makeup and i am only here early to eat my chick-fil-a priorities" 
" today bible break @ starbucks on paul huff from 10-11am. bring your bible and get a drink . 
"starbucks is cracking me up today ... i read it like the book of rupiah jokes for days. . 
"still dont feel good but at chick-fil-a finna go to work" 
""for a low price of $12, you can smell like starbucks in october." great line from 6 in daily briefing. subscribe! . 
"i had a dream i had some taco bell, i woke up looking around my room for it " 
"starbucks gives music city cares fund a boost to help las vegas shooting victims: . 
"user can i get 4 mcdonalds hashbrowns coffee two creams please" 
"rt user coming up user user user happyhalloween user user user user . 
"i liked a user video . first time to culvers" 
"rt user join us for "biscuits &amp; basketball" on saturday, october 21, 2017! free chick-fil-a biscuits and an inside look int " 
"fine. hire some fact checkers. start with user and we'll go from there. . 
"i finally realized that the reason i never have makeup on the end of my nose after classes is starbucks lids" 
"where are the spicy nuggets. . 
"rt user mcdonalds in japan vs mcdonalds everywhere else. . 
"another sign of cultural decline: taco bell is offering a clothing line. what? pjs under a flak jacket (soft-n-crunchy)? adult diapers? fb" 
"yeah this needed to happen for sure . 
"rt user another sign of cultural decline: taco bell is offering a clothing line. what? pjs under a flak jacket (soft-n-crunchy)? adu" 
