"rt AT_USER i could go for some french fries , milkshake and a slap on the ass right about now" 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"rt AT_USER the assasination of tom mboya, grief that bread hatred luolivesmatter . 
"rt AT_USER tfw the haters and losers, of which there are many, try to get your show cancelled a day before the premiere, but y " 
"rt AT_USER if anyone is thinking of fighting me, just know i cook bacon topless." 
"rt AT_USER how the fuck does jesus backwards sound like sausage . 
"rt AT_USER we, the pawns that cheer for people who steal billions then demand someone who stole a soda gets shot... &amp; we post it online w" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER 4. willem dafoe should get an oscar for the soda scene alone. in lacking sappiness, t . 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"rt AT_USER mbbs: give us spoiler shownu: *yells and almost chokes on his bread* . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER boycott boycott boycott . kfc nandos and pizza express all serve halal. plenty of other pl " 
"food ,drinks ,beer pong n flip cup im throwing everybody in the pool so dont get mad" 
"AT_USER : ( 1998-2017 optimus bread hit by light rail in front of market city : ( it was actually so scary, im such an idiot" 
"this 1814 beer flood killed eight people | smart news | smithsonian . 
"rt AT_USER german and spanish drinkers pay just 4p beer duty per pint, but us brits pay 54p! ask your mp to support " 
"rt AT_USER i guess this is supposed to scare me, huh? . 
"fuck i remember when id get a slurpee whenever i smoked wow those were the days i miss soda" 
"zona = prison camp. internat = secluded school with board&amp;bread as kids here are not supposed to be transferred to a new family." 
"post adtr concert: drunk bri ate 2 whopper juniors with cheese are a large fry hate myself " 
"to cut the long story short, the only thing i ate yesterday was coconut bread " 
"rt AT_USER wen you see pts and make it seem easy why wont someone wake up n think its bread n butter. problem of no regulation to getti" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER so if i invite a muslim round for a hog roast and a beer, do they get arrested for being "unfriendly" when th" 
"rt AT_USER you cant make everyone happy your not pizza!" 
"only break bread with the people that starved with you" 
"rt AT_USER itt: the worst restaurant menu adjectives imaginable. i'll start gently toasted white bread stirred local water" 
"rt AT_USER dawon can steal all of rowoon's string cheese idec let him eat to his heart's content . 
"i know its only cause youre lonely but that dont matter when i drink beer" 
"rt AT_USER when u stop drinking soda and start drinking water . 
"rt AT_USER the police were looking for this guy who was wanted for a probation violation &amp; he said ill turn myself in if you " 
"psa- mcdonalds chicken tenders are ass" 
"i'm lactose intolerant and yet everything i ate today involved cheese. i excel making bad life choices, and tonight i am paying for it." 
"rt AT_USER 5-year-old: can i ever try your beer? me: you wouldn't like it. it's just for moms and dads. 5: that's what you said" 
"had bomb ass dinner, beer in my tummy and my girl home with me" 
"why am i craving pizza so bad rn?" 
"riot were killing all the memes so 343 was like hold my beer, this is how u kill memes" 
"rt AT_USER if* grass would turn to cheese what would be in high demand? come on bruh, dont let this go over your hd. . 
"rt AT_USER dhanteras who can not get two-time bread, will the poor man celebrate dhanteras? this is a conspiracy of some selfish peo" 
"buy the beer or pay the rent" 
"awful . 
"rt AT_USER imagine not only hating taylor swift but also pizza. tragic. . 
"the typical indian attitude.....watching others fight leavin all their work---bread and butter for big boss producers..bbk5 bigboss" 
"AT_USER healthy my blackass i miss bacon. im defs gettin bacon . man living alone sucks. i need a trophy wife" 
"rt AT_USER this hedgehog got stuck in a slice of bread . 
"col's criminal library: tom robbins - b is for beer . 
"shakespeare aint got nothin on us! weve got some mad writing skills. ok maybe not, but weve got wine, beer, and . 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"AT_USER AT_USER use asl to ask for root beer and for directions to the battle field so that you might j . 
"when is it? oh no! i have to bake seven very big chocolate cakes or i think my landlord's going to kick me out" 
"rt AT_USER ditchdairy it's nasty, disease causing and animal cruelty . 
"AT_USER AT_USER i like the threats ill take pizza" 
"AT_USER hahah, that's weird i don't drink energy drinks anymore cause i'd be up for 3 days straight " 
"rt AT_USER send a risky text, eat some pizza, life is short" 
"fuuuuuuuck. i don't like chocolate but i;ll make an exception for this. . 
"ketogenic dinner day 15 - a very lazy dinner: i could only eat 1/3 of the cheese and 2 oz of . 
"so sick of grown men getting attitudes with me bc i wont flirt back with them. im serving you beer i dont want your dick" 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"on my 6th beer and my liver is screaming . 
"when your boss screams at you because and i quote he "had a sausage roll in the oven" do you" 
"but did you die. . 
"rt AT_USER can't help but cheese too hard when meeting AT_USER . 
"hey AT_USER i bet you have not seen such a perfect cheese omelette. please don't lie madebymyfriend . 
"4.50 pack of bacon in a security box! poor little piggy . AT_USER . 
""pineapple on pizza is gross" first of all, you're fuckin right bitch" 
"use unscented dental floss to cut cakes, cheeses, and other soft solids perfectly." 
"rt AT_USER conversation that will never happen... me: id like to order a pizza dominos: for delivery? me: f*ck no! i gotta see thi" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER supermarkets will be cheaper - beer etc the problem is that no shops ar " 
"oh shit you just put me on! this plain oatmeal or what? . 
"rt AT_USER my phone battery died, so my alarm didn't remind me to take my pizza out of the oven. now it's burnt... just5amthings st" 
"rt AT_USER i dont like girls chugging beer,they look bad first of all , i dont give a fuck " 
"AT_USER i like the scream cheese bagel thingy, it's spooky" 
"rt AT_USER short horror films sa rooftop w/ beer &amp; unli popcorn! . 
"book 4 rum cake, reporters &amp; revenge mob bosses and pizza pies are not the only chicago style . 
"rt AT_USER approximately 7 million pigs die every year to feed niggas bacon." 
""beer will get you through times of no money bejter than money will get you through times of no bxer." freddie freak" 
"i just spilled a whole ass soda narrowly avoiding my guitar and xbox headset holy shit" 
"rt AT_USER rest in pizza, hell homer" 
"AT_USER just sauce, no ketchup" 
"rt AT_USER had an awful day. first i got punched by a medieval poet, then later i slipped up on a sausage. things have just gone from" 
"rt AT_USER to cut the long story short, the only thing i ate yesterday was coconut bread " 
"joey does a sick fd combo, then sips his beer and glances over at me. lmao" 
"AT_USER i would never waste a pizza like that." 
"rt AT_USER them: are you going out to lunch? me: no them: well can you get me pizza? me: bitch no" 
"marketing day: google amp, apples move to kill cookies &amp; new twitter video website cards marketing . 
"cookies n cream ice cream is soooooo bomb " 
"oh, dont forget the wine . 
"rt AT_USER "and for the lady, perhaps a salad?" first of all, l'll have the steak, smothered in onions. a rack of ribs. past " 
"i just broke my nail shot gunning a beer " 
"rt AT_USER pineapple pizza sounds so fire right now " 
"if you don't like glazed donuts don't talk to me" 
"were all gonna die, lets fucking burn together. just dont bring blue cheese." 
"rt AT_USER the soft drink industry may have won a battle, but they will lose the war. opinion | how to win against big soda . 
"francis bacon on envy: . via AT_USER 
"the pizza chef at work just put too much garlic on my pizza and i want to cry because it tastes awful" 
"que? are we the sheep, sheeple? and were going to leave the wolves to it? are we relocating the craft community ( . 
"rt AT_USER tonight's dinner hmm. a whole damn plate of bacon." 
"is 'innovation' a dirty word in the beer industry? - comment . 
"if two people from opposite sides of the earth simultaneously drop a slice of bread, the earth becomes a sandwich for a second..." 
"rt AT_USER girls in 2012: touch my butt and buy me pizza girls now: choke me and hit me with your car" 
"rt AT_USER five guys, pizza, chips covered in curry sauce is stuck on my mind at the moment " 
"i fucks heavily with hersheys cookies n creme " 
"rt AT_USER low carb pumpkin donuts with brown sugar walnut crumble foodporn retweet . 
"rt AT_USER wine makes you a fancy drunk. start speaking in different accents and craving croissants and the finest cheese ngl. . 
"one of my supes told me he was gonna cut my hours this week i told him to go fuck himself let a young nigga make this bread lmaooo" 
"AT_USER it's all a ruse, though. despite the name it doesn't taste like pumpkin pie. it tastes like a mince and cheese pie." 
"its depression right? . 
"rt AT_USER victim on svu: i have cronuts. they're not croissants. they're not donuts. they don't know what they are... (stops to cry" 
"AT_USER "i don't blame you i would die for dominos pizza"" 
"rt AT_USER joey does a sick fd combo, then sips his beer and glances over at me. lmao" 
"during iot hackathon one of our robots was programmed to cut the pizza for us. . 
"AT_USER she gets lasagne love from me; but i would never sink so low as to anything but home-made and with a cheese sauce not white." 
"rt AT_USER junk food has no more place in a hospital than a lit cigarette. so why are candy bars and soda pop still being sold . 
"rt AT_USER i look like strawberry short cakes ugly sister, rotten tomato . 
"friendsagain is sponsored by AT_USER today, i forgive bank of america for it's many predatory lending scandals. let's grab a beer" 
"this bitch from pizza spot gon pick up the phone to tell they not taking orders like why tf you pick up then" 
"rt AT_USER forgivenessmattersmost if this what started the hatred then we (kenyans) should just forgive &amp; embrace one another " 
"rt AT_USER i wanna throw a party with all girls where we brush each other's hair, bond over those who have betrayed us, and eat chocolat" 
"yall niggas corn dogs weenies wit bread " 
"AT_USER AT_USER no, no. normies get drunk from beer. we don't." 
"i've decided since you keep bothering me all this time, i'll, uh... i'll, uh, give you that slice of pizza." 
"rt AT_USER sad that it's forgottenbakes week and nobody has made a cookie cake yet, or those fairy cakes with dennis the menace edible" 
"fury at beer fine drove 'good kid' to open fire on psos with toy gun, court told . sydney news" 
"AT_USER i wasn't sure about cinnamon beer, but after tasting, now i am! prost . 
"block me if you eat blue cheese" 
"rt AT_USER marketing day: google amp, apples move to kill cookies &amp; new twitter video website cards marketing . 
"rt AT_USER im actually triggered when people dont finish their fried chicken.. how can you disrespect fried chicken like that." 
"subway's sandwiches are only low in fat without cheese or creamy dressing." 
"i don't always drink energy drinks, but when i do i choose AT_USER !! . 
"rt AT_USER there is something very wrong about myers and pizza hut using sham contracting to under pay workers AT_USER npc" 
"seeing family struggle only adds more baking soda to the vinegar" 
"pumpkin spice latte = excellent seasonal beverage pumpkin spice beer = liquid ass from the pit of hell" 
"any one else like burnt cheese as much as mikey ? dumbass burnt a whole block o cracker barrel" 
"AT_USER it's macaroni noodles and cheese sauce. i am comng to kill you." 
"rt AT_USER report of suspicious people, 3 subjects taking food out of trash can behind little caesars pizza on bypass 1 person wearing d" 
"rt AT_USER i have a girlfriend. oh wait, no. no, thats a beer. i have a beer." 
"rt AT_USER block me if you eat blue cheese" 
"AT_USER cis always find how to ruin nice things, i can't even say word "sausage" out loud anymore" 
"this is the face of a little sausage thief who climbed onto the top of the fridge to steal food while it was defros . 
"firkin hell! . 
"AT_USER poor man lost his life over a prank sure it may have been offensive but jail for a year is lunacy also th . 
"AT_USER why u don't like soda ?" 
"lisa ate all my vegan bread and i have never been so mad" 
"last time i had a crush, it was a soda." 
"when am i gonna have a beer if i lose my truck by mistake? sillycountrysong" 
"the caucasian eagle attacked leona lewis , because they ate the last piece of pizza topped with grilled onions !" 
"ncaa idaho state bengals football 12oz beer bottle light led march madness . 
"rt AT_USER aydendevereux filmed 17-minutes of brutal gang rape of unconscious girl, forced 2 drink spiked beer. . 
"rt AT_USER justin ordering pizza can i have 2 ranch cups with that? no three...fuck...give me 4 ranch cups me: you know we ha" 
"puppy abandoned with pizza and a note . 
"man, i could use a midnight cupcake or some cheetos... and pineapple juice. omg a cobb salad would be so bomb rn. mac and cheese. omgomgomg." 
"rt AT_USER i was going to write something really sexual with this tweet but all i can think about is donuts sorry . 
"studio is divided on a very serious issue this morning AT_USER tune in to get the answer to the question be . 
"cenosillicaphobia is the fear of an empty beer glass." 
"rt AT_USER lets get married &amp; have kids so instead of having a pumpkin beer you can stop the crying &amp; i can go back in the corn ma" 
"rt AT_USER 10 disturbing but amazing cakes that look like props from a horror movie! . 
"rt AT_USER three arrested in malaysia for suspected beer festival bomb plot - swrm executethem beerfestival bomb . 
"AT_USER ill send pizza" 
"hoppy but no real distinct flavor coming out in this. can't say that... (shaka island sipa) . photo" 
"rt AT_USER every day, millions of cows have semen guns stuck inside their vaginas in order to produce milk for cheese. . 
"the biggest mistake i made while cleaning yesterday was deciding to put the cookies back in the pantry instead of leaving them by my bed" 
"rt AT_USER it's the middle of october and i still haven't made halloween cookies, had spooky sex, or gone to a haunted house. disappoi" 
"me: i should cook more. i should find new recipes to try also me: *manages to somehow fuck up kraft mac n cheese*" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER nah he drinks proper beer" 
"pro-tip: spill enough of your breakfast sausage roll down your front and no one will sit next to you on the bus lifehacks" 
"rt AT_USER these are the ingredients lurking in bacon that the meat industry doesn't want you to know about... . 
"rt AT_USER i saw some girl texting and driving the other day and it really pissed me off. so i rolled down my window and threw my beer" 
"hope you hit your pinky toe and wake joe joe up and your moms get mad cuz he got school in the morning . 
"fuck im craving donuts from mannas and their iced coffee" 
"rt AT_USER studio is divided on a very serious issue this morning AT_USER tune in to get the answer to the question be " 
"breakfast is cold as cold as our bed im watching you choke down the words that you said i watch you devour mistake me for bread well boy is" 
"if the grilled cheese doesn't have jelly on it, then i don't want it. " 
"rt AT_USER people who eat the pringles upside down because 'the flavouring'. do you eat pizza upside down too? no. get outta here. mic d" 
"i tried drawing a cheese and kai fusion that wasn't a total monstrosity a few days ago but boy their hair's weird" 
"AT_USER i am going to say something shocking, but i think i'm kinda over cheese for the moment after two cheese comas on the weekend." 
"had to write a short story at school.. were forced to include words like pizza, police, glasses.. i made my story-me die they knew it me" 
"rt AT_USER hope you hit your pinky toe and wake joe joe up and your moms get mad cuz he got school in the morning . 
"rt AT_USER me: nah i dont really dink soda its bad for you me, 2 hours later: *does 5 shots of vodka, eats 3 burgers and hits a ju" 
"i dont even have to be sad to do this . 
"she also had a vulture named pancho (sausage) who tried to eat her finger. cronch." 
"AT_USER AT_USER sorry. foreigner kot sister. fish and chips? or pasta and ravioli? hahahahah" 
"cheese spit tired violets are true" 
"cafes with nice interiors but bad coffee is like eating chocolate chip cookies with raisins" 
"rt AT_USER i hate unprofessional ass hair stylist, yall bitches dont b about yall bread how yall b poppin it." 
"rt AT_USER on october 17th 1814, 8 people died in the london beer flood; a vat ruptured in a brewery creating a 15-foot tidal wave." 
"chasing bread got so many niggas dead" 
"rt AT_USER workin hard.. thought i'd get a pizza 'cuz i'm starving. had a realization that pizza has been there for me through some cra" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER no regular milk...but tried AT_USER sheeps cheese . 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"AT_USER sooooo bomb or with melted nacho cheese " 
"killing these cookies." 
"rt AT_USER alison is really bad at this game, which makes it even more fun to watch. come chill . 
"whenever i'm stuck writing a scene, i use AT_USER 'magical cookies' theory &amp; boom. her advice is golden &lt;3 . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER great. agreed. but for pity's sake let's ban all animal abuse not just cats and dogs. animalcruelty " 
"rt AT_USER marketing day: google amp, apples move to kill cookies &amp; new twitter video website cards by AT_USER . 
"blue cheese stuffed dates for food waste friday . 
"rt AT_USER first of all, this aint no damn krispy kreme . 
"rt AT_USER yessss eating pineapple pizza should be a sin . 
"woman accused of slapping boyfriend with pack of bacon . . 
"rt AT_USER you know you really hate fried chicken wednesday, when you tweeting about it on tuesday . 
"rt AT_USER life sucks then you eat pizza" 
"rt AT_USER i need to wear janet's vegan pizza as a halloween costume. it is scary looking. . 
" madison beer - dead . nowplaying" 
"rt AT_USER travis used to be soooo live. school, open gym, greasy pizza and wings. i miss all that " 
"soooo we just going to ignore wendys and mcdonalds are now selling chicken tenders ..." 
"rt AT_USER yall need to stop pretending yall dont fw pineapple on your pizza smh" 
"AT_USER urgh i really dislike sour beers. i feel like such a failed craft beer fan." 
"AT_USER i've been thinking about that pizza for several minutes, and i'm still unsure" 
""you will never win if you never begin" -francis bacon" 
"AT_USER i miss our side chats baby cakes" 
"rt AT_USER idk - pizza shop ft. yung gleesh, doom &amp; del the funky homosaphien . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER miss you baby cakes" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER how could you not love them? " 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER oh now i envy you that - can do soap, sugar etc. nut not tried cheese yet!" 
"AT_USER oh yeah i cant even get a fucken pizza delivered to my house im die constantly" 
"i swear these pumkin cookies will be the end of me . . . " 
"type shit yo stomach on cous . 
"beer intake going up ever since i quit smoking 5 months ago ......... only means i've been spending more wtf" 
"rt AT_USER we already have parts of sharia in the uk, its the only religion you can be arrested &amp; imprisioned for insulting " 
"no such thing as cheese pizza, you ate cheese bread. . 
"just bought some chocolate chip cookies and i swear that's my guilty pleasure.. i'll knock a whole box of cookies off on 1 sitting" 
"rt AT_USER idk how i'm not fat. all i do is eat tacos and drink beer" 
"an early start at the belfast harbour commission building with AT_USER will brexit steal my cheese? . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER no nuts in baked goods, period. banana bread, butter tart, brownies et cetera. . 
"hidden dangers may lurk in energy drinks - . 
"AT_USER . his beer's a bit shit mind" 
"rt AT_USER how is kate still in gbbo after all her fails &amp; that embarrassment of a pizza, &amp; the nations sweetheart liam leaves?! what" 
"AT_USER you're right i'm gonna cook something fancy for diwali or just order pizza if i fail" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER mr. ramsay, please make the pineapple pizza illegal in every - single - state. my italian heart is su " 
"rt AT_USER blue cheese stuffed dates for food waste friday . 
"rt AT_USER new video! made AT_USER 'haters back off' pants cookies today in celebration of season 2 coming to AT_USER " 
"can french fries be a weakness? asking for a friend" 
"funfact the screenplay was originally german and the title should be 'the hard' true . 
"rt AT_USER it me, a sailor scout lost in the matrix selling girl scout cookies . 
"AT_USER that's nothing but bad. the war on drugs should've started with soda." 
"AT_USER la street dogs vs new york dog. it's too bad la doesn't have a famous pizza." 
"AT_USER thats a talent - how the hell did they make beer look unattractive?!! although airport rules do apply! iwould" 
"AT_USER damn, i was in brussels yesterday, would have bought you a beer with my tenx card!" 
"AT_USER got my pizza last night. 1hr 25m late. cold. poorly prepared. sent message to contact email. no receipt given w/complaint code." 
"rt AT_USER i swear i think sals pizza makes up the prices on the spot one week i go... total $33 following week, order the same..." 
"rt AT_USER if this isn't how my marriage ends up i don't want it . 
"this pizza...is death! pizzatron" 
"i know and im regretting it . 
"somebody has left an empty crust pizza box outside this domino's. trolling at its best." 
"impactwrestling and crust &amp; crate fast fired pizza pub joint press conference &amp; autograph signing session . gfw gnw" 
"not just 'a promo girl': how female brewers are shaking up the craft beer industry . . 
"rt AT_USER still no hoverboards, pizza rehydrators or jaws 19. but the sun is red, sky is brown and richie cunningham has dire " 
"seriously craving some spicy hummus and pita bread " 
"AT_USER AT_USER so i am not the only one that is bewildered about the loss of macaroni cheese " 
"seriously up thinking about donuts smh" 
"dry cake with 60 eggs. paper left in pie. raw pastry. oven doors pulled off. food on floor...liam had one bad bake! outrageous. gbbo" 
"10 disturbing but amazing cakes that look like props from a horror movie! . cakes birthday happydiwali" 
"cancelled my plan to eat sushi since outside is 35 degree celcious... so ordered pizza!" 
"AT_USER shocking. not sausage. i blame the parents." 
"are you a pizza freak? then get discounts on it. use the pizzaoffers at mycouponpromotion. check here. . 
"the knicks look to be bad this year, then the bulls are like, "hold my beer." portis bulls nba mirotic ufc . 
"i am going to white meat when i am older. i don't like much food, but i'm coming off pork, and bacon, and so on." 
"AT_USER only as long as it's raw sauce. no ketchup. just sauce." 
"if i worked at dunkin donuts, i'd put cherries on my lower leg." 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER send it also to linda sarsour they hate bacon" 
"reached home and consumed 2 packs of ramen and chocolate cake at this hour of the nightah shame" 
"AT_USER minute. all movement stopping as she shrugged her shoulders upwards then back down again. "cheese , and olives?"" 
" . . . ill put anyone against a wall if they steal these damn cookies, theyre worth killing over!" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER if they do it- ill change my name to whoppers with cheese" 
"*buys donuts* me: i don't like this pala. *buys chips* me: parang may gusto akong iba *buys chocs* and the cycle goes on. " 
"salacious blond teen mia masturbating lady cakes know she gots game shes a honey from" 
""can i get your guys' crazy bread!! :)" first of all, little ceasers is across the street dumbass" 
"rt AT_USER delayed delivery? pizza hut waits two weeks to disclose payment card data breach. cybersecurity infosec pizzahut " 
"new jersey had been officially cancelled ... wildwood can't save you now ... . 
"rt AT_USER i don't care i'm having a beer pong table at my wedding" 
"off to earn a crust...altho seeing as how im on a 'no bread' diet..this could be interesting great day everyone ;)) xx" 
"ill have two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda" 
"rt AT_USER 1) ketchup is by far the worst condiment." 
"im so pissed. i thought they were selling pizza rings. . 
"i'm gonna start venturing out with new drinks. i need to stop drinking beer " 
"my beer foamed up &amp; i rolled my eyes at it &amp; then felt bad" 
"AT_USER ah yes my bad here are some cookies for the 14% who were right () " 
"that pizza was terrible" 
"burned the roof of my mouth to eat a shitty slice of pizza:( i want more :(" 
"rt AT_USER cheese puff insults the gay community! lgbt nohate minutetospitit . 
"beer turns a shitty day into an okay night" 
"rt AT_USER i want cookies but im to lazy to drive to the store " 
"AT_USER that sad sausage wouldnt even get in the tent at clayfest" 
"rt AT_USER no to dairy! . 
"its clear a low carb diet works check this out melting cheese core cake | low carb - . . 
"no bacon sandwiches on gwr, buffets being abolished on trains and brexit. what is happening to my country?" 
"AT_USER she said she would fuck with you of u gave me bread....she would participate just to take ya money..." 
"rt AT_USER and prob still got them dry ass wings and old ass pizza in the front . 
"rt AT_USER i know and im regretting it . 
"i swear david just wants me to be fat. i asked for 1 banana for breakfast &amp; he brought me 2 donuts, 2 bananas &amp; orange juice." 
"rt AT_USER she may be one of the toughest cookies on the track but her league-mates know she's a big softie on the inside . 
"no but seriously...where does the bread go when you put it in the toaster?" 
"my recipe for the ultimate pastsy: lard, sugar, repressed feegings, lemon curd, tears of a french chef, bacon, hubris." 
"i know literally every college student says this but i eat a fuck ton of mac n cheese" 
"next grub at the alex wed 15th no. - tickets on sale now. live beer list at . . 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"rt AT_USER i bet real mountain dew tastes nothing like the soda" 
"rt AT_USER i was having a really shitty day and keenan surprised me with penis shaped cookies... he really is the best" 
"mycroft can always predict the fortune cookies because it would have hurt" 
"rt AT_USER shakespeare aint got nothin on us! weve got some mad writing skills. ok maybe not, but weve got wine, beer, and " 
"rude how can he eat the bacon if you hit him with it . 
"this mystery cream was absolute shit . 
"AT_USER AT_USER drinking beer and being sick? yes." 
"ncaa delaware blue hens football 12oz beer bottle light led march madness . 
"AT_USER miss you too! lets get tacos or pizza tomorrow" 
"AT_USER AT_USER gah! i can't agree with you *buys case of gaytime flavored beer i regret nothing" 
"rt AT_USER bbc's newsnight aired segment asking 'why do we fear terrorists more than fried bacon?' i'm not joking. disgusting. htt" 
"this girl is eaitn pizza right in front of me in the library im going to kill her, im so hungry" 
"bitch ew. ya wife probably looks like a rabid guinea pig. . 
"AT_USER get on down witcha cold pizza crust eatin ass" 
"rt AT_USER bitch ew. ya wife probably looks like a rabid guinea pig. . 
"are you being dead ass rn . 
""the hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread"" 
"AT_USER - cheese, stevie. what he doesnt say, though, is how glad he is to hear theres no pain, no nightmares, no nothing. -" 
"rt AT_USER let's go to haunted houses together, the pumpkin patch and make halloween cookies ya?" 
"rt AT_USER that's ok though. as long as bacon related crime and people who say hurty words on the internet are stopped. that's " 
"AT_USER all that hallway pizza you've missed out on." 
"rt AT_USER halloween chocolate graveyard cake . . 
"me: damn you still up, making mac n cheese again? him: no, making ramen loool" 
"pizza was dumb bomb" 
"AT_USER does it again! branding its beer after a communist dictator who murdered up to 1 m, including sealing ppl ali . 
"the fact that daisy made kelly pizza of her birthday when she was alone and scared in london is the cutest and purest thing ive ever heard" 
"AT_USER nah. i think sandwich is the larger category. you wouldn't say pizza is a taco but you could say pizza is a sandwich." 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER pizza hut in colonnades with family having the worst service.20mins to be sseated on sticky seats&amp;no cucumber left" 
"ahh uncanny valley thats ugly and creepy . 
"broken this day apart its complete now i drown in the smooth amber flavour of an ice cold beer cheers" 
"me: its almost 3 am, i should go to sleep also me: *ends up in the kitchen making a pizza while questioning why i cant lose weight*" 
"rt AT_USER dubai AT_USER leading the world on this one. couldn't agree more . 
"AT_USER yep! arborio! dumped broth in all at once along with the frozen tj mushroom medley. stir at the end . 
"i just ate a ton of powdered donuts becuz im sad" 
"rt AT_USER woman accused of slapping boyfriend with pack of bacon . 
"AT_USER it me. i had a granola bar, coffee, a ridiculous number of doritos, and pasta and garlic bread." 
"who tf doesn't like pineapple pizza? you're just an uncultured closed-minded swine" 
"rt AT_USER jk guys, make your own damn food. . 
"should i bake spooky ghost cookies or scooby doo cookies?" 
"AT_USER AT_USER normies get even less drunk from beer tbh." 
"you nasty bacon." 
"rt AT_USER ive said it once and ill say it again, croissant pastry stuck to dior lip gloss is the look" 
"movida bombers sentenced to 25 years jail . . 
"wanna have a pizza party with my hopes were all dead --- struck with a subtle doom" 
"rt AT_USER send a risky text, eat some pizza, life is short" 
"AT_USER AT_USER that one can of beer he had looked strong as fuck, at least 4%" 
"rt AT_USER i fell asleep with a beer in my hand and spilled all over myself. i want to die" 
"tb to the time drunk me found a warm opened beer at the rodeo and made everyone drink it..AT_USER AT_USER 
"AT_USER omg them bitches be vicious i was at the beach in new york and them bitches stole 2 slices of pizza from me... the audacity" 
"pizza is life is it?? what about ongoing injustice in small rural australia do you even care about that shit" 
"rt AT_USER pro-tip: spill enough of your breakfast sausage roll down your front and no one will sit next to you on the bus lifehacks" 
"rt AT_USER last night i drank a beer while in bed. in complete darkness. i had to feel for the can." 
"it tastes like pig, you're simply just bacon. you don't taste nice like lamb, or beef or steak, you taste like pig, salty nasty dirty meat." 
"pms cravings got me tryna risk my life for subway cookies i gtg" 
"go to . and choose candy crush soda saga image (you will be redirect to candy crush soda saga . 
"AT_USER 10000% i hate when the head on my beer looks shakeyyyy i need that aesthetic " 
"i hate packing, does someone want to come pack for me? i can pay in doggo cuddles and cookies" 
"rt AT_USER who tf doesn't like pineapple pizza? you're just an uncultured closed-minded swine" 
"rt AT_USER here's a cool little interview with me about my whine &amp; cheese bistro mystery series! . 
"rt AT_USER wanted. have you seen this notorious sausage roll thief? if so, please do not approach, he is dangerous and may lic " 
"rt AT_USER girls in 2012: touch my butt and buy me pizza girls now: choke me and hit me with your car" 
"eat pizza and they will donate to the national breast cancer foundation! lovehopepizza contest ad . AT_USER 
"my fatass thought he was licking a block of cheese . 
"rt AT_USER mark davis: i have the worst haircut in the nfl. this ref: hold my beer. . 
"rt AT_USER nonalcoholic beer reduces incidence of respiratory tract illness after a marathon race . https" 
"is that a cheese stank? first of all no, berroteros" 
"i smell donuts but i have no donuts." 
"rt AT_USER my gf at the local small town pizza place: "it smells like it's haunted in here."" 
"rt AT_USER some bosnians have nothing better to do with their life than talk shit and argue about how to say bread and dad lmaoo" 
"crushed with hotpot! mosaic hop flavors hold up well to the kim chee brot... (mayberry ipa) . photo" 
"rt AT_USER not long until the AT_USER &amp; we can't wait join us 4 exceptional finefood beer &amp; discover the magic of dadd " 
"AT_USER just made the fire alarm go off making pizza rolls so..." 
"once my pizza rolls are done you niggas are done lmfaooo" 
"i tried making cinnamon rolls using puff pastry and failed. they did not make for great rolls. i guess i am going . 
"AT_USER see if you can manage beer and dumplings for breakfast?" 
"my roommate brought me home pizza i've literally never felt love like this before" 
"no ketchup . 
"it was a cannibal documentary, we taste like bacon. someone ate someone, aw it was sad, this poor sad person volunteered to this man." 
"AT_USER you're bat shit crazy saying any shit thought that passes through your swiss cheese like brain. missing some neurons" 
"rt AT_USER they not as good as yo spicy nuggets &amp; a side of bring em back sauce . 
"but nah fr i really think i want to start bartending fr fr in big cities they be making good ass bread" 
"the flash slam is this friday folks. i have worked hard to write my satirical story. see you there for a rowdy nigh . 
"can bacon kill your dog" 
"1 sandwich &amp; 1 beer at rome airport. AT_USER understand that ur staff r thieves near d gates. ripping off p . 
"AT_USER turned it on last week and someone fucked up a pizza. how do you fuck up a pizza? turned it off." 
"AT_USER AT_USER umm tough choice. work hard or bake cakes hmm " 
"rt AT_USER pineapple doesnt go on pizza first of all.. you aint shit" 
"AT_USER oh, no - no beer again? declaring a p1 and will get the team to hop on it immediately! 325" 
"because who doesn't like cookies! AT_USER dockercon jfrog praqma . 
"i'm fucking cackling she makes oatmeal out of a coffee pot and cooks bacon with an iron .... me as fuck . 
"rt AT_USER "only eating pizza rolls isn't good for yo-" first of all, i hate myself" 
"how to ruin a furry's day with two words: cheese grater" 
"currently imagining brandon getting cheesed &amp; sending back the glass b|c they're stingy w| the beer foam. " 
"sickened by a news story? do something about it! skip a coffee or a beer and use the $ to help change a life. . 
"i am drunk and i want chicken tenders" 
"yo ass so lame fool you really flexing with this fee thats built like winn dixie $1 bread and shes not cute" 
"rt AT_USER ham&amp; cheese hot pockets are bomb " 
"AT_USER nah mate its craft beer" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER they are banned. miller beer." 
"damn this shit is straight up beautiful . 
"AT_USER this must stop. . 
"lol prison food . 
"rt AT_USER extravirgin pizza: - buys the pizzas from other stores and freezes them - critics give it three stars, mostly out o " 
"AT_USER hey, ya stupid idiot, i'm drinking a pedestrian domestic beer right now. i hope that makes your asshole itchy" 
"lurk chit/lake it/loo hit/cakes bus. hada/fetter/fasa/ponger. law clan/power/flour/weather. merriweather-after-work iz-badger" 
"dirt league legend: billy lemon - known for walk-off fouls. known for getting paid in donuts." 
"rt AT_USER who doesn't love swirl shortbread cookies? AT_USER choctoberfest madewithrodelle . . 
"my least favorite word is cheese cloth" 
"their pizza and wings are honestly bomb af . 
"AT_USER no pizza. but brought you lots of meat and toppings anyway..." 
"AT_USER evacuate my home because of fire caused by a power line and extremely dry conditions vs not having a loa . 
"AT_USER because eating bacon is a choice i made. terrorism is the choice a weak government imposed on me." 
"rt AT_USER "that's probably the exact amount i need, so i'll stop there" - a sentence that remains unuttered since the invention of th" 
"some mother fucken stranger at parra station wanted me to half pizza and tray to take the pizza box. wdym? dgaf im greedy and hungry!" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER no bread - but why?" 
"me: oh cool there's trail mix in the pantry also me: fuck someone bought pizza the whole office is downstairs *nopes away*" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER dominos already has it in many locations. unfortunately not here in austra . 
"no i have not been eating pizza flavored pringles wrapped in turkey bologna. why would you even ask that?" 
"forget candy. give me beer." 
"rt AT_USER [heinz bottling plant] worker: i'm so behind boss: stop w: so much work! b: don't w: it's like i'm always playing ketchup b:" 
"i went 16 days with no soda. better than nothing. i gave up, i'm a failure, nothing new." 
"and i'm the nasty one? -laughs and adjusts my beer can halo-" 
"rt AT_USER waa waa me no get ketchup and teriyaki sauce from mcdonalds im a fucking pickle morty" 
"no bud i aint drinking no beer, everyday im getting wiser " 
"rt AT_USER middle eastern food is so underrated, i'm serious when i say that i eat hummus, pita bread, feta cheese every other day" 
"rt AT_USER sometimes i hate myself, but it doesn't mean i hate pizza" 
"AT_USER buh man can not live by bread alone" 
"jalapeno peppers with cream cheese ????/ nasty" 
"AT_USER it hurts filmmakers because people who aren't experts in the field are sort of running the field. . 
"it's more of anticipatory dieting so i don't have to do it the next few months weight is hard to lose in the winter . 
"you dont know how it feels to get your pizza stolen by your dog when you look away /you dont know how it f e e l s/" 
"AT_USER ive been waiting for u to come w the money for the beer smh" 
"rt AT_USER @ willow smith girl just whip your hair bacon forth and leave tidalx" 
"rt AT_USER obtuse rubber goose green moose guava juice giant snake birthday cake large fries chocolate shake . 
"rt AT_USER my fat ass thought this was a fried chicken . 
"all i'm saying is, yan and julia wouldn't have dropped uncooked pastries, made dry cakes or broken their oven doors gbbo" 
"rt AT_USER two biggest shocks of adult life: 1. everyone does cocaine 2. cheese is fucking expensive" 
"AT_USER cheese makes everything better. wrong choice " 
"rt AT_USER this shouldn't be funny but it is . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER they are banned. miller beer." 
"AT_USER unfortunately candy and soda isn't good for us :(" 
"niggas will try to future cash app u to cover some chicken tenders. beat it grouch . 
"rt AT_USER apples move to kill cookies isnt a crisis its an opportunity . 
"AT_USER absolutely. exposure does not guarantee bread on the table. we, photographers all have learned it th . 
"college students in their dorms are shaking . 
"AT_USER hard to resist that tall stack of stoufer's mac n cheese tho" 
"pinoy horror story: cult . 
".AT_USER straight from denying a peaceful death for the terminally ill to dinner to make jokes about chees . 
"one thing i'll miss about magfest is the convenience of getting nando's garlic bread." 
"rt AT_USER completely normal things are enraging to me right now. guess the attendance? eff you. want a beer? go to hell. breathin" 
"iced coffee + cornbeef + big ass pizza for brunch! (2nd slice na) sino diet??? . 
"tftd rabbi brawer a god sandwich. teenage suicide figures/god/be yourself. too light on the bread. r4today" 
"rt AT_USER no ketchup..... . 
" j&amp;d's bacon salt hickory bacon flavored 2oz low sodium (2 pack) take a look . . 
"the only saving grace for this dumpster fire of a day was that there was at least 2 pieces of bread in my work stash that weren't moldy" 
"AT_USER ohhh thats looks a bit sad on the bacon front, no black pudding! to boost it a bit" 
"rt AT_USER dirty cream soda maybe fanta" 
"owino doesnt care afew years ago when his wife died after being hit by a car along mombasa road he didnt bother to . 
"ew ion wanna see no fucking rat . 
"AT_USER pls stop and yeh. pancake queen may make a comeback once i think of a new story for her :3c" 
"AT_USER i don't get it - how can you be angry about cake and bread? i'm gluten free and even i'm not angry about it gbbo" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER because eating bacon is a choice i made. terrorism is the choice a weak government imposed on me." 
"im ggonna march don w to fish and chips piss cityand" 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how sexually frustrated you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"rt AT_USER french fries are like insecurities, you cant have just one." 
"rt AT_USER have we stopped using the word 'ketchup' . 
"rt AT_USER this hedgehog got stuck in a slice of bread . 
"rt AT_USER .AT_USER straight from denying a peaceful death for the terminally ill to dinner to make jokes about chees " 
"in case you missed it, check out "recipe scene: jelly cakes" . jelly cake cup cakes bowl . 
"brought a house today !! no more cake wine chocolate no more stress ##" 
"there was just a knock at my door at 3 am cause my neighbor ordered pizza. i live alone &amp; just had a sliiiiiight heart attack it's fine" 
"AT_USER i know you aint shit talking those cookies...." 
"rt AT_USER not to be dramatic, but if i dont get apple orchard donuts soon and carve a pumpkin ill die" 
"parker wont make me mac n cheese so im currently questioning this whole relationship... the disrespect" 
"rt AT_USER customer: "can i get a cheeseburger no cheese" first of all, that's a hamburger AT_USER 
"i give 'brawl in cell block 99' five bags of popcorn and one soda." 
"rt AT_USER i'm fucking cackling she makes oatmeal out of a coffee pot and cooks bacon with an iron .... me as fuck . 
"mom: "todavia no te duermes." me: obviously not if you see me sneaking cookies into my room at 2am" 
"some man got so drunk today he dropped his beer and my ass had to clean it up and i made him leave." 
"AT_USER eating ketchup without dipping things into it. he's truly some kind of a horrible monster! " 
"AT_USER why they acting like they broke you off some bread to dress lil man. you doing it right. your way" 
"elizabeth.casellimechaelAT_USER ;: stop nestle stouffer's lean cuisine from using animal renne... . via AT_USER 
"killer is bread.........." 
"AT_USER january? good grief, buy a case of beer and stay in. you can still photograph the mess." 
"rt AT_USER i've made so many tiny cakes that my big ones are kind of weird looking... . 
"how the fuck long was their pizza going to take? . 
"AT_USER ah, i can just imagine you taking them out and the kids shouting pizza, everyone would be so confused " 
"pringles cause cancer: i won't eat jelly beans have bugs: ok subway bread is a yoga mat: meh ice cream has animal sacs: try to stop me" 
"me: "i don't drink soda it's bad for you." seth: "says the girl who just downed so many drinks" okay" 
"AT_USER you'll soon regret it if you leave 'em on. he'll be spaying piss all over the place, just like i d . 
"a franchise of shit pizza shops is shit at data breach incident response. i am astounded. . 
"until no one turns up in their rallies, will they take us serious. i am not a loaf of bread. neither is my country. takebackkenya" 
"at AT_USER where a double bacon cheeseburger with copious amounts of angry fries is the standard bearer. a . 
"AT_USER only problem is getting ranch instead of bleu cheese" 
"your mcm just snapchatted his dinner. it was four day old hard as dick pizza" 
"rt AT_USER sometimes i get this crazy feeling that if i dont eat mac and cheese right now, the world will end and i'll never be happy." 
"my cheese levels are low ):" 
"rt AT_USER my 2yr old niece has asked me for a cheese+tomato pizza for christmas. she is the only one that can make me cry with despai" 
"are blt's literally only made from bacon lettuce and tomato cos that sounds terribly unsatisfying." 
"AT_USER AT_USER you seem dumb. we do not call our language "american." never have. crappy cheese, sure." 
"fugo you ugly swiss cheese stripper" 
"AT_USER no ketchup just vsauce" 
"is it that your cool, radical, hip company persona is as shallow as richard bransons and your beer is crap and ove . 
"AT_USER we are all dead? slow down on whatever you are smoking! if o muslim, worst muslim ever! drinks be . 
"AT_USER bread's paladin: roan carter. used the wrong rage but my heart's in the right place." 
"please just stop this madness . 
"just had a very strange hankering for 1990s-style pub wedges with the works - i.e. bacon, melted cheese &amp; sour crea . 
"rt AT_USER "pineapple on pizza is gross" first of all, you're fuckin right bitch" 
"AT_USER fish and chips served w a side of disappointment" 
"rt AT_USER dry cake with 60 eggs. paper left in pie. raw pastry. oven doors pulled off. food on floor...liam had one bad bake! outra" 
"it's 2am i have a beer and i'm extremely bored for why? someone talk to me or let's go on a 2am adventure " 
"rt AT_USER pizza for breakfast, pizza for dinner. something is wrong here. lunch." 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER wagetheft - no need 4 me to boycott pizza hut over it as i wouldn't eat that . 
"dont miss out on our incredible under r5 meals! buy 100g fried chips or fried maasbanker fish for just r5! valid u . 
"rt AT_USER boycott halal don't take on muslim culture,we do not need to . 
"isaiah 58:7-8 7 isnt it to distribute your bread to the hungry, and that you bring the poor who are cast out to... . 
"rt AT_USER lax data breach reporting would have been disastrous for pizza hut under impending gdpr according to AT_USER . 
"apples move to kill cookies isnt a crisis its an opportunity repmediatv . 
"rt AT_USER it's 2am i have a beer and i'm extremely bored for why? someone talk to me or let's go on a 2am adventure " 
""screw it i'll have the same.." waitress comes over. tells her their order. waits for her too leave. whispers. "va . 
"bingo | how to make mad rainbow matrr pizza slime lego bad kids peppa pig for kids: . via AT_USER 
"rt AT_USER i don't need this negativity in my life . 
"i'm mad i ate 2 donuts" 
"cait is not really sad with ella because she eats cheese but that's not true" 
"AT_USER AT_USER is fighting too hard to get back the piece bacon he threw into the trashbin not knowing t . 
"delivery driver robbed in rockford - the suspect got away with pizza and cash. . 
"hell pizza henderson is shit for online orders. crap service" 
"i had beer before work, because screw you it's my birthday." 
"rt AT_USER i swear david just wants me to be fat. i asked for 1 banana for breakfast &amp; he brought me 2 donuts, 2 bananas &amp; orange juice." 
"rt AT_USER this is my mother guys........she's one of the reason i stop eating pizza while lying on my bed watching netflix " 
""i'm sorry sir, you can't bring that keg into wrigley field." first of all, this is a service beer." 
"baseball bat beer chug fail rt . fall funnyclips drunk viralvideos funnymovies fail funny" 
"AT_USER //you think you're going to ruin your character? hold my beer." 
"tulip. chug. - drinking a bourbon barrel aged dark star spice wars (2014) by AT_USER at AT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER us english people will dead put anything in a sandwich. fish fingers, chips, crisps, sausages. you name it, it's going in the" 
"damn patrick wit them cakes" 
"there's 'bake' at the end of your name destiny or nah? . 
"rt AT_USER i hate waking up in an alternate reality where waffles don't exist and my attempts to describe them get me labeled 'cr" 
"AT_USER hell yeah, omw to feed you pizza" 
"rt AT_USER cenosillicaphobia is the fear of an empty beer glass." 
"domino's pizza delivers user details to spammers . 
"rt AT_USER no pork on my pizza . 
"psalm 127:2 - it is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, to eat the bread of sorrows; for so he gives his beloved sleep." 
"chickens getting savage: return of beer-drinking robot . 
"rt AT_USER the wheel barrow brigade. why only pick up trucks, beer carts, and no ambulance transport. real emts will notice fak" 
"AT_USER im really disappointed that this year, there werent any halloween designs on the cookies :( . 
"i burned the life out of a grilled cheese &amp; made our fire alarm go off" 
"first of all, you underestimated my power. . 
"morning ! bloody storm ophelia the roof has been blown off our local cheese factory... there's de brie everywhere" 
"in poland eating chicken nuggets that i thought were hash browns when AT_USER comes on the radio. disappointment stalks my every move" 
"rt AT_USER the pressure! apologies to all the places i could not think of under the gun! . 
"nessa really missing out on this pizza rn " 
"the internet is so depressing lately. wheres pizza rat when we need him? wait, whats that? crushed on a subway track months ago? oh, good." 
"rt AT_USER fuck all u guys who bought out all the halloween sugar cookies i literally went to 4 stores and didn't find any left" 
"list book online new all book fre | i hope they serve beer in hell (2016) . 
"i want pisang cheese so bad it hurts " 
"nfl who cut the cheese: AT_USER qb aaron rodgers could miss the rest of the season with a broken collarbone . 
"AT_USER AT_USER my approach is the more humble + honest "i'm broke as hell so what say we eat chicken tende . 
"rt AT_USER this is why we fight niggas who put pineapple on pizza, it leads to this . 
"oh wait, you said macaroni and cheese? well... that makes sense. *trying very hard to keep a lid closed, buzzing is heard*" 
"AT_USER please don't tell us what you're putting on your pizza - when ppl do that on twitter, things get crazy" 
"rt AT_USER if you ever lose sanha in a crowd just crack open a soda and hell pop outta nowhere dancing baby." 
"someone on the bus smells like spicy salami sausage whoever it is come and breathe on me ya dirty git! utb" 
"rt AT_USER poor means you unable or not even manage to get a food, even slice of bread to eat. bila mampu pi travel, takde lah poor mana." 
"rt AT_USER niggas got bread to get lit but not to pay me back hahahah" 
"nothing's more disappointing than an undercooked pancake. AT_USER . 
"AT_USER this reminds me theres a burger joint with vegan options but no fucking french fries" 
"long johns are my least favarite pastry because i don't want to eat something named after underwe,r worn by lumberjacks." 
"rt AT_USER remember the bacon on a mosque incident? there was a worse attack on a synagogue in leeds last week. did you hear about it?" 
"what are you doing at 3:00 am? oh im just making cookies due to stress of college, no biggie . 
"is cheese whiz still a thing cuz i want that shit" 
"do i need soda.... no but i want some" 
"still not over the time i went to get pizza and this bitch thought it was cooking when the oven conveyor belt wasnt even on" 
"rt AT_USER there's 'bake' at the end of your name destiny or nah? . 
"i apologize for any offensive and aggressive mannerisms displayed through my play. beer is a hell of a drink lmaoooo" 
"AT_USER oh no! perhaps the AT_USER should make a policy where fans walking around the concession area have to st . 
"AT_USER ugh! why can't we focus on putting out a message that doesn't sound like it was run through five commi . 
"AT_USER work being the fucking weak link. ambitious cunt managers are amoral shit cakes, who would sell their o . 
"i'm almost home, throw a beer in the freezer for me. people had me really fucked up all day today." 
"rt AT_USER me @ 6pm: im tired of being unfit and gross. im ending this shit now. me @ 10pm: hi can i get a dozen cookies. can you w" 
"i need rapid fired pizza right now" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER wagetheft - no need 4 me to boycott pizza hut over it as i wouldn't eat that " 
"AT_USER AT_USER im gonna go make myself a cheese pizza with extra cheese cause im cutting back on my cheese." 
"rt AT_USER did you know it's been proven that eating cheese can help fight stress levels? it's all down to amino acid tyrosin " 
"fuck u mom and dad i can eat all the totinos pizza rolls i want" 
"rt AT_USER once seen. never forgotten. there will have to be a beer brewed for this.... . 
"i run a pub that only serves herb beer they hate it when i call thyme" 
"rt AT_USER i never want to get to the stage where i use a fork and knife to eat a burger or pizza " 
"rt AT_USER bureaucratic ignorance leads to ill-informed panic reactions ~ and the suppression of a food diversity which is our " 
"guys i just ate like 15 cookies and i feel sick" 
""people have different metabolisms though" okay then stop making excuses and eating pizza and start eating salads" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER if you think about what is considered racist nowadays,knight templar mugs,the union jack,bacon,having a diff " 
"rt AT_USER i don't like cheese or vodka. *puts down phone, waits to be escorted off the premises by twitter police*" 
"when people begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts. if people begin with doubts, he shall end with certainty. (francis bacon)" 
"you read that right. pizza hut customer details hacked too. . 
"ma your mcm got caught doing donuts on the forklift. fedex fired him" 
"rt AT_USER 10 disturbing but amazing cakes that look like props from a horror movie! . cakes birthday happ" 
"AT_USER who doesn't enjoy pizza &amp; dick though?" 
"uncooked chicken looking ass boy, "you got games on your phone face ass, hersey's cookies and cream lookin ass" 
"a recent study has shown that playing beer pong contributes to the spread of mono and the flu. kisswardisrealoneyearna" 
"" suck my d.ck " first of all , i was finna go grab some ketchup , cause i thought it was a nugget " 
"rt AT_USER day 13: what's harder: giving up cheese or being forced to give up your newborn every year for 6 years? ditchdairy https:" 
"rt AT_USER ma your mcm got caught doing donuts on the forklift. fedex fired him" 
"rt AT_USER i got 99 problems and beer solves about 86 of 'em." 
"beer, i never like, and never want, but why i chose it for today? . 
"rt AT_USER i don't care what anyone says, garlic bread is so underrated. anyone who doesn't like it probably still gets a bath wi" 
"rt AT_USER a recent study has shown that playing beer pong contributes to the spread of mono and the flu. kisswardisrealoneyearna" 
"rt AT_USER is there security footage of her mcm? im tryna see this shit . 
"rt AT_USER first of all, you a bad bitch . 
"AT_USER you are the devil. chicago deep dish pizza is the truth. lets settle this in the playground in the morning." 
"mmmm.... beer - drinking a xxxx bitter by castlemaine perkins @ the frozen cave . 
"AT_USER might have worked in 05-07... not now. i think they are listening to grime and drinking craft beer in peckham or something now" 
"rt AT_USER why don't companies sell cookies or potato chips in discrete packaging so moms can hide them from their kids? i feel th" 
"AT_USER gorilla glue or cookies or cbd all work for pain , maybe strong heavy hitter tasty vape extracts ! no s . 
"AT_USER AT_USER what about muslim nations killing people for being gay? what about crowder's video of m . 
"AT_USER im serious you bitch i dont think im that bad, i have to learn one way or another hahah! but, . 
"ion feel like going to work tomorrow but i need my bread so fuck it " 
"i have a pizza &amp; chocolate problem /:" 
"AT_USER beer is gross" 
"proper toast, with proper butter! bread toast and no, i didnt use a whole pack of butter on that, just a healthy . 
"AT_USER maybe we think its weird that your extremely large portions at mc donalds is fucking weird or that you . 
"sometimes i forget that i hate myself but then i remember that its 3am and i just binged on those fudge filled cookies" 
"i thought i had my shit together but its 8 in the morning and im eating leftover pizza in the staff room." 
"AT_USER just missing cheese n some flaming hot cheetos" 
"i regret all those times i took chicken, steak, lasagna, pizza and mozzarella for granted at buffets. ill regret it deeply." 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"absolutely tragic. girl, 9, dies after taking single bite of a pancake cooked by her dad foodallergy anaphylaxis . 
"low fat chocolate cake recipe . 
"AT_USER come to curtin we have 70c donuts and less dangerous men" 
"there's no such thing as too much garlic bread." 
"if yall spam me ill give you cookies . 
"almost no way AT_USER could be any cooler lookoutnumberone . 
"the saying liquor before beer youre in the clear is a bullshit lie!!!!!" 
"AT_USER moeeeee im confused as shit. grass to cheese? lmao is that the country version of water to wine?" 
"rt AT_USER "our lives shall not be sweated from birth until life closes hearts starve as well as bodies give us bread but give us r" 
"AT_USER no craft beer on keg then?" 
"boyfriend told me there were no cookies left that he ate them all.i found your cookies robert . 
"the chocolate cake is a disaster. there will be tears." 
"1 minute low carb mug cakes - new cooking video just added!!! . 
"when he's not golfing, he's eating pizza. fail, donald, fail. . 
"AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds will deliver . 
"four scots chippies battle for national food title . fish and chips" 
"rt AT_USER i'm sorry but this looks trash . 
"who the heck moved that darn cheese? i am constantly amazed by people who are always preaching that "change is bad . 
"AT_USER AT_USER and a bitch to load, you ever play skyrim and just collect cheese? it's a whole different game." 
"rt AT_USER pizza hut got hacked too?! this is a bad day for big pizza . . 
"'beer drinkers deliberately deceived by global brewers who buy brands and change recipes' | AT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER nick is into choking and pineapples on pizza???? a whole ass man . 
"rt AT_USER its that time of year again when stores sell these bottom of the barrel, flavorless piece of shit things they have " 
"teens are now getting drunk at school by putting root beer in their hairs" 
"how does AT_USER and crush soda keep me going rn?" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to br . 
""i feel like shopping with you is horrible like you pick up garlic bread but nothing to make spaghetti" shit she right" 
"just cried b/c josie sent me a picture of donuts at dunkin (happy wednesday)" 
"rt AT_USER just had a very strange hankering for 1990s-style pub wedges with the works - i.e. bacon, melted cheese &amp; sour crea " 
"i believe i have reached my ultimate 'drunk food' achievement by consuming a full box of mac&amp;cheese after a wholesome protein&amp;veg dinner." 
"nuts in brownies is the pineapple on pizza of desserts" 
"rt AT_USER so AT_USER are getting a pizza deal. now this is something we can get on board with. crust &amp; crate fast fired pizza " 
"AT_USER if that happens that is so cheese and that's more to the long list of what koei did wrong with warriors" 
"this kind of stupidity is my most popular tweet for a while. i think i need to change the focus of my blog. . 
"its 12am the only substantial thing i ate today was a bao, i ran out of bread and i m too fuckin tired 2 cook n i have hw &amp; 10am class" 
"who knew it was possible to get jealous of a pastry shop . 
"processed cheese is bad for the hamburger" 
"rt AT_USER quit my job today in the pop factory it was soda depressing" 
"rip cheese im depressed no one going to listening bewteen box of the transformers age of music and the after you n00bs is" 
"AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds will . 
"soda tastes so disgusting but i need sugar in my body" 
"rt AT_USER instead of trying to ban muslims, trump should ban shredded cheese to make america grate again" 
"AT_USER nvm he dips his pizza in mayo i dont trust him" 
"smh my tolerance is fucking weak why am i buzzed off of one beer" 
"afl fans: some outrageous trade demands this year carlton: hold my beer carlton: actually we want 6 first rounders for the beer afltrades" 
"bad religion by frank ocean&gt;sliced bread" 
"tired hands. the only thing that rednecks sell to the pizza" 
"halloween chocolate graveyard cake . . 
"rt AT_USER their pizza and wings are honestly bomb af . 
"AT_USER you man is sucking the zaloopa of klinskoe beer, and it god damn sucks!" 
"AT_USER AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry . 
"rt AT_USER fact: my wedge salad with horseradish bleu cheese dressing will likely ruin other wedge salads for you. keto sibo " 
"AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds will deliver . 
"it don't matter if u nice to me now if u were mean to me before ,i still think u r a piece of floppy cheese" 
"sad cause being gluten free has actually helped imma miss you bread" 
"why craft beer is on a collision course with corporations | gary mortimer . 
"that property manager who launched a thousand angry tweets by proposing a purveyor of hash browns pay $17,500 a... . 
"bega cheese making peanut butter. now that's a bit odd. food" 
"michelle: i only had 9 dollar beer bud lights first of all bitch i was drinking wine first.." 
"no one can resist pizza . 
"AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds will . 
"no more french fries ... " 
"it's really annoying. oh deer, i am being destructive. i'm mad and a boner might be like liquid cheese. chipotle" 
"AT_USER they are trying to poison canada . yesterday it was beer , also milk. it is illegal to have a usa farm i . 
"AT_USER exactly.gotta write it down while its happening. i make that mistake. ive been told u n i are equally miserable. lets get a beer" 
"AT_USER he got tired of them bacon, cowbell, skanky teen bitch oussad jokes didn't he? warping our childhoods for years to come =p" 
"AT_USER AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry . 
"AT_USER are we talking pizza, apple, boston creme here, or....you know what? doesn't matter. i'm on board. 1/1" 
"that depressing moment when u manoeuvre your coffee and bacon sarnie, through the kitchen, living room, hall... . 
"the weirdest pizza toppings ever - . . 
"men can starve from a lack of self-realization as much as they can from a lack of bread - richard wright homealarmsystemsuk" 
"AT_USER AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry . 
"rt AT_USER who wants to buy me beer and drop it off" 
"tried making some chicken fried rice, wasn't that good" 
"what the hell??? they attended a burial then what am seeing?? people being beaten by police? why? . 
"bitch i use it and my skin is smooth and smells like cookies... next . 
"we have hot soup, we have bread, come out and surrender: inside raqqa, with the fighters who drove off isis . 
"sat in AT_USER car park destroying a sausage and egg bagel &amp; i look up and see a woman eating a banana. now i feel like a fat fuck, fanks" 
"consistent effort, no matter how small, sparks magic, fills sails, butters bread, turns tides, . 
"rt AT_USER the impact pizza and drink at upcoming press conference wrestlezone . holy shit this is real. ..." 
"my coworker had a lady come in &amp; drop off bagels and cream cheese for him.. and he said she does that often. if that's not goals idk what is" 
"AT_USER if i ordered a pizza and they came with steak i'd probably say the same thing am i missing something" 
"there's a special place in hell for people that like pineapple on pizza." 
"rt AT_USER if the grilled cheese doesn't have jelly on it, then i don't want it. " 
""man i'm bored wanna see me chug another beer?"" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER more worried about nasty tweets than actual crime other than bacon related crime thats hugely important " 
"note to self. dont just drink beer all day and night in 40 degrees. body says no the next day." 
"lord please don't send me to hell . 
"AT_USER going to try this. i consider myself a reasonable cook but simple macaroni cheese defeats me! mayb . 
"rt AT_USER some days r regular some days ur coworkers get arrested on suspected murder some days u eat french fries" 
"if staceys oven couldnt be bothered to deal with her shitty cakes than why the fuck did she get star baker?" 
"wats your fav beer proooobably heady topper but there's netflix to watch tho ugh" 
"just as i'm out getting pizza for the kids one of the tiuta's text me. so i stopped by akonofo to drop off dinner &amp; drinks " 
"rt AT_USER you with your fancy fleshlights and sex robots. when i was your age i had a block of swiss cheese." 
"i asked to see pizza delivery lady's pizza pocket and she slapped me?? rude" 
"i certainly will,it's sausage wednesday AT_USER today,wont need to steal warwickshire whizzer tasters,to full . 
"cakes are nice... it's hard to eat them in the garage though..." 
"so i made mac and cheese one time and now 5 people are dead how fucked up is that" 
"AT_USER i havent ate since breakfast and that damn pumpkin bread i was fucken hungry lol leave my fat ass alone " 
"woke up, went to get breakfast, no bread, no milk, no cereal..." 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER i havent ate since breakfast and that damn pumpkin bread i was fucken hungry lol leave my fat ass alone " 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER going to try this. i consider myself a reasonable cook but simple macaroni cheese defeats me! mayb " 
"roll thin, hard crust pastry, or other material which seeds have more pronounced, and, gradually, the food in greased pan" 
"see even AT_USER says pineapple on pizza is wrong knew i was right . 
"clangers, rum nickys &amp; savoy cakes - forgotten bakes resurrected on gbbo - will we all be baking them now? possibly not!" 
"rt AT_USER mindy screaming my babies! when brendan threw her donuts in the trash is me themindyproject . 
"rt AT_USER the difference is consent you fucking white bread giant headed dumbass . 
"AT_USER AT_USER shitey fat crust into the bargain, no thanks. why are you's two so desperate to back up a . 
"only one thing matters to me: feta cheese leave me alone." 
"when the sausage you though was your friend killed you meatyproblems" 
"limited offer for silver wrench spanner beer bottle opener more informati ... . . 
"rt AT_USER just wanna remind you that eminems little trump diss thing was trash. all he said was fuck trump &amp; racism exists. ketchup i" 
"when u need a shower so bad but instead u roll into bed w/ a beer &amp; the gorilla band podcast" 
"AT_USER AT_USER taking turns in shooting, apologising for kills, sending over a tray of cakes in the afternoon?" 
"the brunette choked unexpectedly after hearing the words 'homemade cookies.' a light blush coated her cheeks." 
"rt AT_USER users report fraudulent transactions after pizzahut admits card breach . 
"i dont trust bitcches who put ketchup on their chicken nuggets" 
"this cold is so bad, my eyes are watering, throat and nose are burning. can barely breathe, sneezing all the time also i want pizza " 
"rt AT_USER don't date someone unless you see a future with them. and by future i mean a future concert ayeeee dirty soda in the st" 
""i have vodka in my drawer but i really want beer" and i have fuckin water and sprite what you complaining for istg this girl" 
"rt AT_USER is it that your cool, radical, hip company persona is as shallow as richard bransons and your beer is crap and ove " 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER closes AT_USER and gamers become enraged. AT_USER says, hold my beer." 
"for some reason i just got really worried for the giant ginger bread man, mongo, from shrek 2" 
"dominos' cheese on lasagne is sedap but the inti umm couldn't impress me much ah. like idk the difference on pic &amp; result " 
"AT_USER if the lnp would organise a sausage sizzle there would be all sizzle but no sausage! nbn" 
"i hate french fries more than broccoli" 
"rt AT_USER when u need a shower so bad but instead u roll into bed w/ a beer &amp; the gorilla band podcast" 
"AT_USER i am losing my mind right now. what do these words even mean. is it even a beer?" 
"rt AT_USER somebody hide this before jackson sees it . 
"rt AT_USER missing seattle (mainly the bread bowls) . 
"rt AT_USER democrats and their media enablers: the senate failed! obamacare is now the law of the land! trump: hold my beer." 
"rt AT_USER new video! i share my story about mental health, black holes and pizza. . - daniel and depression" 
"rt AT_USER spilling a beer is the adult equivalent to losing a balloon.." 
"AT_USER wow alfredo sounds bomb, mom made some pasta tonight too but i refuse to eat it rn bc i want some french fries" 
"AT_USER she got mad when she purchased it and he still yelled that's nacho cheese that's nacho cheese!" 
"cutting would be easier if i didn't enjoy pizza &amp; alcohol so much." 
"AT_USER it bread hatred and caused a lot of traffic jam that day. mboya wanted to butter the lives of the common mwananchi" 
"rt AT_USER stop trying to please everyone. spend the rest of your life committing random crimes. lie to the police. steal cheese. i w" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? don . 
"drunk eating cheese sticks . 
"serve your scary cheese with these halloween themed toothpicks . 
"so my parents left no bread in the house .... and i dont have my milk ... kmt." 
"rt AT_USER meanwhile AT_USER and mother are demanding unconditional allegiance and nationalism at sporting events famous f " 
"AT_USER i bought you a beer at exchange !!!! i came outside in that video you're like i hate him but i real . 
"rt AT_USER .AT_USER on his favourite pizza toppings i get weird toppings on pizza, sausage, pineapples, mushrooms... AT_USER 
"rt AT_USER "just me" "asking for a friend" but no totally fine . 
"AT_USER AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds will . 
"AT_USER til that fat shit lay on your ass and you become a leah pancake" 
"ham &amp; cheese hot pockets are so fuking good yo." 
"new drop bluecheese i got the cheese snapback outnow . . 
"AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds will . 
"they gentrified beer pong i'm sick . 
"i want anything drowned in a tub of cheese right now." 
"AT_USER an idea. standing up from the ground and onto his feet, twenty-two goes to retrieve an empty soda can . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER using a sausage as a bookmark makes the pages greasy and difficult to read, surely?" 
"AT_USER then dont drink beer lol jk" 
"lose 13 pounds in 7 days with "chocolate cake diet . webdesign wordpress php js indiedev" 
"rt AT_USER just opened one of those lunch meat packages and it had so many preservatives, it jumped onto the bread and demanded to be" 
"AT_USER AT_USER iirc saeran also doesn't like bread bit i think that's more of a... bad memories sometimes th . 
"AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds will deliver . 
"cottage cheese cake! 2 medium eggs, beaten 1 scoop of la porridge 2 cups cottage cheese 40g" 
"rt AT_USER once discovered, has anyone ever been able to stop listening to bread?" 
"me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"AT_USER AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry . 
"rt AT_USER take note those who promote raw milk/cheese products.it is dangerous for pregnant women&amp;those with weakened immune " 
"pizza shop sex couple spared jail but face sleeping ban - hillingdon times hillingdon . 
"i can't stop thinking about how i insulted bread and naruto" 
"AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds will deliver . 
"rt AT_USER just when i thought my switzerland trip couldn't get any better, it says "hold my beer" . 
"AT_USER go in for travel shampoo, leave with 4 bags of taytes cookies." 
"AT_USER AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds . 
"bitch, do you know how cheap solo cups and michelob ultra is!? stop gentrifying beer pong, you fucking hipsters! . 
"cakes is a light skinned black whore ready for cum . 
"i cant wait for cheese boards , chocolates and all the crap you can eat at christmas " 
"stop mentioning one direction... but one di- . 
"rt AT_USER i smell donuts but i have no donuts." 
"rt AT_USER barry is making all that food cuz we know his ass is hungry after smashing iris cakes to smithereens last night " 
"AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds will deliver . 
"leading scottish cheese maker AT_USER will not face a criminal case over the e coli death of girl, 3 . 
"that hayward injury will make me think twice about snapping off wings and legs off of roast/fried chicken" 
"AT_USER hav u ordered a homemade chocolate cake but there is no one to bring? dont worry jhds will . 
"AT_USER you can buy in gunns bakery but they are not popular. personally i like savoury with meat not meat &amp; fruit. . 
"rt AT_USER daughter anna's nyt oped! how citizen-driven soda tax helps fight health crisis &amp;bigsoda uses $$ &amp; deception agst i " 
"today: - fried beef - fried pork - fried venison - fried swan - fried cheese - fried butter - fried diabetes - violent mood swings - cake" 
"AT_USER :c i would very much like you to be around, we have much more beer and okonomiyaki nights to spend together" 
"AT_USER there, i did it. 11 beers for 11 ks. now i have no beer for tomorrow. AT_USER venmo . 
"*insert serbian curse words* . 
"AT_USER "our relationship is lke a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, nd a healthy one because it's on whole grain bread"i'm dead asf" 
"who doesn't like bacon?" 
"sam bought me pizza flavored pressed pretzels and they legit look like disembodied assholes . 
"rt AT_USER today: - fried beef - fried pork - fried venison - fried swan - fried cheese - fried butter - fried diabetes - violent moo" 
"putting cheese on dogs is a terrible idea" 
"beer is probably the one cure to 99% of my problems " 
"rt AT_USER whatconsentmeanstome if you leave your cookies out they're asking to be eaten. . 
"all i ate today was a bite of pizza ugh" 
"rt AT_USER why do i have this nagging suspicion that the people who harassed the pizza place won't care about this at all . 
"rt AT_USER this new wave of dickhead "comedy " yall tryna create is lame as fuck. . 
"rt AT_USER who doesn't like bacon?" 
"no bake millionaire short bread made using AT_USER from our october box! . nutrition . 
"no i don't like bacon" 
"i basically ate coffee and a very sad attempt at a bacon butty and dare to ask why my body is furious." 
"it's not dark green like blue cheese though, it's a lighter green with short white hairs" 
"AT_USER oh no chris, sorry to hear this! i can't see that there has been any issues reported. can you please adv . 
"AT_USER 1 pound sliced bacon, cut into thirds 1 (14 ounce) package beef cocktail wieners 3/4 cup brown sugar, o . 
"rt AT_USER i certainly will,it's sausage wednesday AT_USER today,wont need to steal warwickshire whizzer tasters,to full " 
"the rose is being used by antifa. notice that i got no answer... . 
"bitch now i want hot cheetos and nacho cheese" 
"fed up of people saying im weird cos garlic bread is my favourite food" 
"rt AT_USER no i don't like bacon" 
"block me back . 
"this whole point of being slammed as left-wing qanda has an idiot, climate change is so many would not the haters in beer" is for answering" 
"AT_USER AT_USER to bad you bought the shittest pizza" 
"to be clear, i'm not being like "ugh, plebeians, no one gets the beauty of classic poetry" like no this is literall . 
"me 24/7: fuck beer it's foul ppl who drink beer can't be trusted also me: . 
"AT_USER if you take imigran too late, it might not help at all. also avoid eating cheese, chocolate... and salamtek " 
"AT_USER funny no uproar when a killer was allowed into britain to rape &amp; kill again, this countries got blood on it's . 
"rt AT_USER the rose is being used by antifa. notice that i got no answer... . 
"rt AT_USER picture this: a knife that can cut through any thing cheese steak pork tenderloin stack of garfield comic stri" 
"me + choc chip cookies = disaster waiting to happen" 
"energy drinks do work for me. but i need to stop drinking them at night. my sleep deprivation is already bad!" 
"fking chuck e. cheeses rat trying to look like post malone looking ass " 
"rt AT_USER block me back . 
"AT_USER ignore my previous tweet. do they have actual beer there?" 
"AT_USER so u end up shoving caffeine in ur mouth ... cuz u wont drink energy drinks" 
"rt AT_USER fking chuck e. cheeses rat trying to look like post malone looking ass " 
"rt AT_USER i've got friends in low places, where the whiskey drowns and the beer chases my blues away. garthbrooks" 
"so you don't like healthy food? nah man i don't like most food including popcorn, ice cream, oreos, burgers, nuggets, soda, meatballs, etc." 
"AT_USER AT_USER wow, you sure showed your racist shit fast, dudewho. . 
"AT_USER brook, i have to drive 3 hours round trip just to get good noodles, so no. no japanese bread. " 
"rt AT_USER dont miss out on our incredible under r5 meals! buy 100g fried chips or fried maasbanker fish for just r5! valid u " 
"conor mcgregor threw the most insane christening for his son ever nd hell never even remember itcant wait to have bread like that " 
"rt AT_USER on october 28 AT_USER hosts day of the dead beer. details: . baerlic pdxbeer" 
"he doesn't think alan is an idiot. "this is some good root beer." . 
"weed strain review platinum cookies bythcbd . . 
"jay idk - pizza shop extended (with yung gleesh, doom &amp; del the funky homosapien) kzuu . 
"costumer: can i get a cheeseburger no cheese, me: a hamburger? costumer: no a cheeseburger no cheese first of all, . 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"rt AT_USER stop mentioning one direction... but one di- . 
"beer, burgers and this song jamming in my baby. life cannot get any better period. . 
"rt AT_USER *insert serbian curse words* . 
"poetry is the new cheese and pickle, says desperate, starving surrealist poet . 6" 
"AT_USER i see no donuts i've been japed" 
"rt AT_USER full picture. can eating bacon kill you? . 
"AT_USER AT_USER a goats cheese terrible sounds like a dish from my childhood alongside pig in a blanket and frog in the pond." 
"rt AT_USER ea: "we're going to destroy visceral and several jobs, nobody can possibly be bigger cunts than us today" activisio " 
"AT_USER hey you wanna do a photo shoot? i will pay you with pizza" 
"and AT_USER players keep promoting hated of cops flag and country boycottnfl AT_USER to many pizza options . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER means no half bread govt " 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"AT_USER correct me if i'm wrong but is it japanese rice cakes?" 
"why no one has formatted a restaurant entirely around handmade cheese sticks is bonkers to me" 
"limited time! 63% off! now only 13.95! . tastebud . 
"ben is very happy with harley because he eats cheese but that's not true" 
"rt AT_USER if being healthy means not drinking soda or beer, count me the fuck out." 
"about to make pizza bread with no bell peppers... 32weekspregnant . 
"AT_USER ranch is fucking pure bleu cheese tastes like ranch that went bad" 
"why should we humble leafs give a shit about the american dairy industry? fuck you, usa. we're not taking your subsidized cheese and milk." 
"i should've got some fried chicken today i'm sad" 
"i feel attacked . 
"rt AT_USER [eng] gq x wanna one - jihoon cut # jihoon q: what type of bread would you choose to be? . 
"rt AT_USER i just don't understand why cheese has to be bad for me." 
"rt AT_USER i am having pizza this evening and it's not even sunday. yeah. i know. james." 
"little one is home sick today with mumma and wanted a chocolate cake. here you go princess x . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER so u end up shoving caffeine in ur mouth ... cuz u wont drink energy drinks" 
"rt AT_USER i think i might block you i don't condone any slander/libel/defamation against angelic amala. hell naw, u have " 
"AT_USER donuts in a tank. raqqa has fallen to the troops but its feared that the fighters are regrouping in s e asia which is terrifying" 
"AT_USER but they love reciting the vegan menu in every gaff in town ! boring bastards, have a sausage barm and do a forward roll ye taff" 
"AT_USER i threw up a lil in my mouth watching her bite that warm ass cheese" 
"candy crush soda saga - king . . 
"my fridges have no power so my beer is warm" 
"cheese in the trap" 
"one direction fandom on the internet: - leaks songs - starts rumours - destroys other fandoms in real life: - can't ask waiter for ketchup" 
"wait there was a dominos pizza security breach? i don't really care about my info but does it reveal how many hawaiian pizzas i eat a week" 
"ffxv campfire eatingwithmochi whyiamfat ... not the best quality but look. at. this. pizza. " 
"AT_USER iv just opened a beer ffs" 
"rt AT_USER obsessed with our beerista &amp; latt-ale! come see us next week! . 
"AT_USER ...i'm...not entirely sure what that is, but if i ordered fish and chips and got that, i'd cry. in a bad way. " 
"1d stans on the internet: - leaks songs - starts rumours - destroys other fandoms in real life: - can't ask waiter for ketchup" 
"of course the damn bread is expired when i actually want a sandwich" 
"rt AT_USER pink pizza: die leckere low-carb-alternative &gt;&gt; . food . 
"cheese in the trap mpn btsshow" 
"AT_USER AT_USER pizza has no curfew." 
"rt AT_USER avoiding meat, bread, diary and sugary shit for two weeks. drink lots of water and watch your life change drastically." 
"pizza of death" 
"rt AT_USER when you go to rob a store owned by a muslim and you come back with bread, money and a new religion called islam. a " 
"rt AT_USER truly and utterly offended by this absolutely disgusting and mercenary bread to dog ratio . 
"rt AT_USER y'all out here letting niggas break y'all heart when they can't even break bread......" 
"find skeeters roof aged cheese medicinal friend fiasco south park: the fractured butwhole . . 
"two quick rules of thumb (1) avoid anywhere that links 'beer' with 'house' (2) of a 230+ stock, few if any will be . 
"AT_USER shouldn't be surprised ... i've just returned from norway where it costs 10 for a beer !" 
""artichoke, driftwood goats cheese, tomato, crushed lemon and thyme" original watercolour on . 
"woman attacks 7-eleven clerk with hot nachocheese . 
"AT_USER truth:who is the most annoying person you know? dare:call the p . 
"ok but the only bad part of fondant covered cakes is that dry cake literally taste like shit to me" 
"my mum just woke me up to give me a piece of banana bread um first of all i have an eating disorder" 
"i have no one to make spooky cookies for now" 
"im so upset i tried ordering pasta from pizza hut bc i cant make ubereats work and it turns out theyre not delivering anymore :(" 
"damn i want some pizza" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER no ketchup just vsauce" 
"send a risky text, eat some pizza, life is short" 
"i cant believe myself bro i just ate 3 donuts i gotta workout in the morning this was a mistake" 
"eish guys ke jile legwinya with cheese, mince &amp; egg this morning. the guilt is eating me now. so i'm doing squats in dressing room now" 
"all our pizzas are cooked in traditional tuscan wood fired oven made by your very own pizzaiolo pizza westmalling . 
"rt AT_USER 1d stans on the internet: - leaks songs - starts rumours - destroys other fandoms in real life: - can't ask waiter for" 
"ok, which one of you hacked the dominos pizza app?" 
"i hate watching cake boss cuz 90% of his cakes are rice crispies andfondant thats not a cake you fool!" 
"this simple flatbread dough is all you knead for pita and pizza . 
"he sets his glass down as he thinks that the other looks handsome.. though he's shy to admit that. "does holy water . 
"rt AT_USER it's not easy to get my attention, and keeping it is even harder. unless you're pizza." 
"rt AT_USER it's called cheese on toast forsucksake. stop your roasted, toasted, grilled, melted bullshit. cheese. on. toast. get it" 
"you're doing it wrong. you chug a beer.. and then keep on drinking. we don't want that hangover to ever get here. . 
"rt AT_USER all our pizzas are cooked in traditional tuscan wood fired oven made by your very own pizzaiolo pizza westmalling htt" 
"kevin bacon jumping around on tv banging on about 100gb data plans. who the hell needs all that? i'm constantly on my phone &amp; only use 6gb!" 
"sausage bacon cheese bap cup of tea cant fault it on a cold morning at work" 
"any crumb cakes? any goddamn crumb cakes, huh?!" 
"i don't like pumpkin but the pumpkin donuts from work are so fucking bomb omg" 
"i once brought her krispy kreme donuts and she said i was trying to kill her with sugar. so i now buy her the ones from spar." 
"i choked on my chocolate . 
"im about to make some waffles and some bacon fuck it" 
"rt AT_USER send a risky text, eat some pizza, life is short" 
"most of my problems are due to poor planning, distractions, and pizza " 
"after me and my children's rape, pizza delivery cars are every corner on the road!!" 
"killed that beer. i needed that. migw17 prep. . 
"but i still see some people attacking the boys' gfs and pitting them against each other . 
"AT_USER the world may never know~! and bulma definitely wasn't questioning it. she just grabbed a beer, an . 
"rt AT_USER ok, which one of you hacked the dominos pizza app?" 
"chunks parents brought him a pizza when they were rescued? thats not cute those parents are enablers. your son has a problem! thegoonies" 
"rt AT_USER i'm here chilling in the office and i see all the teachers eating donuts and breakfast tacos.." 
"why this boy blowing out the ball out the cup in beer pong everytime he get the chance toooo i'm weak" 
"AT_USER "no.. but.. i am not hungry." she smiled and rushed into the kitchen coming back with coke and bee . 
"rt AT_USER if you dont know this by now.. its your fault if you get popped by that oil . 
"rt AT_USER "eat your pizza or aggregate demand will collapse." . . 
"AT_USER AT_USER settle for less din paminsan. sobra of pizza = heart attack" 
"rt AT_USER little one is home sick today with mumma and wanted a chocolate cake. here you go princess x . 
"hello team AT_USER , we are one stop shop for all restaurant equipment, kitchen supplies &amp; small ware at best . 
"AT_USER then i was craving cheese curls for 2 wks bought some,now i don't want it anymore " 
"rt AT_USER pizza hut got hacked, waited 2 weeks to tell customers hack pizza databreach . 
"i didn't like them . 
"i guess we should have made a beer to market a natural disaster. sonomapride brewersnotfromsonomaclaimingsonoma shameful" 
"rt AT_USER when ugly &amp; flat people say 'i'll just get a sugar daddy' do you plan to jazz him or you think they are looking for p" 
"AT_USER AT_USER here it comes. deep dish pizza kills more whites than blacks yet latinos are unaffected even . 
"AT_USER cakes are also made in 'heart' shape sometimes... this is me being weird" 
"cannot be arsed for AT_USER crying about not having sausage in her sausage and bacon sandwich" 
"rt AT_USER drunk eating cheese sticks . 
"update: went, and lost my parking spot . 
"AT_USER AT_USER hum where is my beer? rude. gender traitor" 
"my 3 c's: carbs, crisis, cheese . 
"AT_USER thats not sausage &amp; egg mc muffin .... so not breakfast of champions " 
"heres a basic rule of thumb for craftbrewers: soft water leads to light coloured craftbeer; hard water to dark . 
"if the prison pizza is better than the typical chicago deep dish... you gotta wonder dailyshow" 
"rt AT_USER if you still dip your bread into the tea then you are the problem !" 
""hi, dave. i sexually assault women. fancy a beer?" . 
"AT_USER home made pizza crunch, that's a jakey paradox!! home cooked battered pizza " 
"eating fruit cheesecake and steamed polish sausage now...stomach will not thank me when the sun shines" 
"these clowns set the fire alarm off this early making bacon ffs " 
"looks nice'n easy... zero waste scotland video recipe: salmon fish cakes - scotsman food and drink . recipe scotland" 
"AT_USER nah i stayed there till he bought a soda" 
"opticskillz0 says : hey do u wanna go and ### ;) funnyolivia00 says : lol no look at u ugly bacon hair noob go ## ##" 
"or, maybe, a different i like you and i want you badger no milk, no cookies, no nuthin" 
"rt AT_USER remember when we all hated michelle obama for taking our big cookies away and now we cry because we want the obamas back" 
"AT_USER id rather stink of beer than fish and chips" 
"i'll bake you cookies whenever you want but if you leave me on read i'll never cook anything for you again. you decide " 
"rt AT_USER onthisday in 1814 8 people died in the london beer flood when nunerous vats of beer ruptured and 1,470,000 litres " 
"rt AT_USER i wanna watch scary movies, cuddle, carve pumpkins, bake cookies, take raw pictures, go to haunted houses, &amp; nap w someones so" 
"rt AT_USER why do people ask "how was class?" like class was class. i would rather be wasted on a beach eating pizza, but here i am." 
"give it away for free, make it up on volume. or people buying a soda and a small cheesecake. hell of a business mod . 
"AT_USER i choose smokey bacon flavour crisps over any flavour !! i think its an outrage to suggest getting rid of this classic." 
"AT_USER AT_USER eccy road top by mine. always one bozz eyed one. gave him some jaffa cakes. no reply. in the b . 
"rt AT_USER rather starve than eat brown bread" 
"rt AT_USER my 3 c's: carbs, crisis, cheese . 
"AT_USER no a plain slice of bread is" 
"placed an order at my go-to pizza place at 11:31... they stop taking orders at 11:30 . 
"brad asked me why there was a misshapen cheese block in the fridge and when i looked at it it was a fucking manapua " 
"no reason im fat prefer healthy food "do u want this pea + bean salad n chilli dressing?" "na i'll ave that block of lard wrapped in cheese" 
"hey AT_USER how many pizza rolls can i eat without dying? like, what is the pizza roll lethality mark (prlm)?" 
"rt AT_USER current stress level: i just inhaled a fried chicken bacon sandwhich, large fry, 6 piece and a double cheeseburger..... i'm a" 
"AT_USER one piece never ends... like garlic bread ...................." 
"rt AT_USER i got hella bread first of all, bare bare chattings no money aint making. AT_USER 
"top skillz: just got a paper cut off a piece of bread " 
"well shit, now i want mooses tooth pizza" 
"ke nkgelwa ke hawaiian pizza jwang and i'm trying to lose weight" 
"AT_USER now move into that big cheese grater at the start of the shot and start lobbying to mute an open air music venue" 
"y did i shotgun a beer in bed at 12:40 in the morning this is nonsense" 
"rt AT_USER my wife is trying to slowly kill me with pizza. im okay with it." 
"stop eating pizza with chepucinou!" 
"past trauma making me age like blue cheese." 
"he is quite sorry because justin trudeau defiled the back bacon." 
"dominos took 3 hours to get a pizza delivered. very poor customer service." 
"15. supermarket mud cakes are fucked and bad." 
"a remember ma first beer and a dont even like beer" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER never compare local food to imported. this is like getting angry at rm15 fish and chips here when in london it's" 
"brew16: 1 bottle left! must brew porter! now! wife told me that 'c' has no place in the word 'baked'. a c for *cry . 
"dont salt it my tears will do the job . 
"america where racists are bread . 
"what's going on folks it's really boring here, who's hungry? chicken burger with fries $1 off or personal pizza $1 off" 
"bloody marvellous idea for halloween galvinhop AT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER "it must've sucked living in cheney..." first of all you've never had rosa's cheesy bread during a hangover." 
"since there's no szechuan sauce in malaysia, all you need is just mix ketchup and teriyaki sauce. lul" 
"i'm so confused by this paper that i'm eating isabellas cookies and i don't even like sweets" 
"AT_USER we still dont know how that bloke who put bacon on the mosque door died in prison" 
"rt AT_USER they gentrified beer pong i'm sick . 
"rt cryptoaustralia: pizza hut got hacked, waited 2 weeks to tell customers hack pizza databreach . 
"inapoem 476 wine within goblet's fire revealed confessions worst the broken bread dipped crimson tears hallelujahs hailing mary" 
"rt AT_USER can i get a number 2 with no cheese? first of all, that is a number 3." 
"" i know i ate a crap ton of chemically modified meat... but i totally drank diet soda to balance it out!!" alfredbot" 
"rt AT_USER 'bread for the poor, a circus for the rich.' did kazuo ishiguro invent the modern-day 'foodie'? . 
"season premiere/finale: "you dip low sodium saltine crackers in ketchup?" *credits* . 
"AT_USER as a plain pineapple yes but in macaroni salad and pizza's no :(" 
"i have been obsessed with this bread store nearby and now sausy is telling to stop only eating bread but i like bread" 
"lads i can't wait for all the conversations with you in the aftermath of this shit storm. eat first because i'm not bringing cookies." 
"your cold heart just told me, it needs to set on fire again. rt AT_USER keep your beer cold and your heart colder." 
"rt AT_USER tired queer about to ingest unhealthy amounts of pizza . 
"AT_USER excellent. but be warned, my list is lengthy; and tomato ketchup features..." 
"twitterreviewsanything theres been an awful lot of national day of pizza and beer this year. i give it 5 . 
"AT_USER AT_USER ah you poor sausage" 
"glimpses at system manipulation by big soda. pub health often accused of nannying, but look what the other side does . 
"rt AT_USER by this time? you be robber? . 
"AT_USER yeah! but i doubt i'll have enough until i get more hives i'll probably just eat the honeycomb. its n . 
"rt AT_USER i was eating bread and this bitch came up to me and said i thought vegans cant eat bread girl go get you some busines" 
"it's chocolate and cake... what's not to love? chocolatecupcakeday" 
"cabbage, yellow rice, corn bread and smothered pork chops" 
"AT_USER home field advantage " spotted dick " cause they have not yet made bread pudding a " hate crime " 2017 pig english" 
"cutting right angle donuts on a dime and stopping right at my birkenstocks and me yelping... holy fucking shit!" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER is launching a new beer, bitches! and with some tapeo by AT_USER it doesn't get much tastier. . 
"ok then ill cook pancake" 
"AT_USER what the entire sports conspiracy boils down to is diversion. what bread and circuses were to the rom . 
"AT_USER AT_USER i feel you! one time i drove to pincher creek for boston pizza , no one told me easter i . 
"rt AT_USER deport this fool . 
"he smells like dick cheese" 
"rt AT_USER this morning john broke into my house at 8 and told me he had coffee in his cup and to try it cause it was flame...it" 
"i have to run 2 miles today when i get off work. i also have buffalo chicken pizza at home waiting for me..... what a contradiction " 
"AT_USER if i were not 3 hours away i'd be there. i'd get ya a sub and cookies and a bath bomb and drop them off " 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"clerk screams back "this is not yo cheese" . 
"rt AT_USER we used to be so poor my mother would feed us bread with tomato paste daily no one cared no one helped except the " 
"rt AT_USER with all this bread niggas could have a picnic . 
"im here to refute her arguments . 
"rt AT_USER on my mother if you eating cheese with yo noodles you are dirty " 
"AT_USER ugh i know manita but i have to stop &amp; im sure from time to time ill do a soda but not like i normally always have" 
"rt AT_USER jeff sessions: violent crime is in an all time high!!! facts: hold my beer . 
"rt AT_USER who the fuck puts ketchup on a philly steak? . 
"rt AT_USER this is rape. its a living being, and this is fucking rape. end of discussion. . 
"AT_USER for me it's the mcdouble with no cheese, because cheese and i don't get along. :)" 
"george just called me a bitch over mac &amp; cheese. idk if its his meds or if hes lost his mind but hes about to catch these damn hands." 
"they were still could you make bad pizza roll AT_USER 
"b2b canned beer ale case goods oct 2017 profit lowish . buyers purchasing procurement market mrx" 
"rt AT_USER watch a devil like me do god's work: 8-7000 jollibee 8-6236 mcdo 887-8888kfc 9-8888 chowking 533-3333 wendy's 911 " 
"don't say you want to hang out. tell me your outside my place with pizza. actions people..." 
"fuck you . 
"rt AT_USER free beer or neonazi hate speech? the choice shouldnt be that hard... awesome job AT_USER . 
"i am not sure if it's disgusting or an accomplishment that i just ate 48 pizza rolls....and am still hungry...i need an adult!!" 
"all you niggas fighting over crumbs, where the bread at?" 
"why do yall hate pineapples on pizza so much" 
"and dunkin donuts coffee has the composition on sugar flavored synthetic piss . 
"lmao his face when he realized it was gone im fucking crying . 
"rt AT_USER delayed delivery? pizza hut waits two weeks to disclose payment card data breach . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER beer trumps hate" 
"AT_USER stopped for a double double and some donuts. . 
"rt AT_USER look at how low their standard is . 
"AT_USER AT_USER unlimited pancakes! and beer! and weirdos! you should def come" 
"AT_USER hater of bad pizza, yes" 
"AT_USER think of it as a cleansing fire god unleashes when folks have filled their lives with distractions . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER ...the halloween-themed donuts from this morning were a poor substitute." 
"AT_USER AT_USER a pizza without cheese is just going to result in a sloppy mess in the corner of th . 
"rt AT_USER you need to also sue dunkin donuts you fat shit . 
"ill always break bread with the ones that are there for me " 
"rt AT_USER error: the program has insufficient pizza to curl this pocket." 
"AT_USER no no, you're going to make your hair and then bleach sugar cookies..." 
"rt AT_USER what's your favorite angry/stress eating food mine's chicken wings or a whole goddamn pizza" 
"AT_USER i have this fear of breaking a tooth while trying to open a soda bottle. have never, ever tried doing that :-|" 
"no charges against dunsyre blue cheese makers after three-year-old girl's e.coli death . scotland" 
"half y'all on this app i know personally and y'all struggling trying to find a job. you'd rather work @ mcdonald than for me . i get bread" 
"many dull knives: 13. when the moon hits you eye like a big pizza pie.... webcomic . 
"rt AT_USER does rye bread protect against cancer? cancer nutrition lifespan healthyrecipes . . 
"rt AT_USER pizza hut got hacked then waited 2 weeks to tell customers . via AT_USER . 
"below 1.0? no soda for them either. . 
"stop calling it "beer" or "cider beer". cider is made from apples. beer is made with hops. stawp." 
"rt AT_USER while yall are all on chicken tenders im still stuck on chicken nuggets " 
"rt AT_USER lmao his face when he realized it was gone im fucking crying . 
"see you in just over a hour! i'm gonna need one of everything for this hunger! . 
"AT_USER bk croissants arent terrible. bacon, ham or sausage? that matters." 
"rt AT_USER i swear it was chik-fil-a cause i use to text it years ago and it would try to autocorrect it . 
"me being depressed and having no money doesn't cope with each other. i wanna get drunk but do not have the money for a beer" 
"rt AT_USER saving the beer &amp; using nachos as a weapon. . 
"pizza prevents cancer! find out what more it does to you | healthy living tips: . via AT_USER 
"i went back to drinking no soda and its barely day 3 " 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"whenever i had to clean the pimento cheese bucket at hwy i literally wanted to fucking die . 
"AT_USER the promos need to stop i can only eat 4 slices of pizza for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. pizzapromo" 
"rt AT_USER see you in just over a hour! i'm gonna need one of everything for this hunger! . 
"break this bread like you broke his body" 
"pudding the important things first! try our new pumpkin butterscotch bread pudding. here for a limited time. . 
"survey: philly soda tax has caused revenue loss at 88% of businesses - . 
"who the fuck is buying all these olives to keep an olive/oil shop open on square, but a damn beer/coffee/performance space cant last a year" 
"if no one has told you yet, you deserve endless amounts of pizza and wine! acfp winedownwednesday nomnomnom . 
""wait you have something on your stomach and it's bothering me" AT_USER "its cream cheese"" 
"food lion recalls chicken tenders after labeling error - wavy-tv . food" 
"rt AT_USER kelly: this troop story cannot get any worse. trump: hold my beer" 
"your twitter name is your biggest character flaw + your favorite food. i'm "procrastination pizza." quote tweet wth your garbage answers" 
"stop feeding our cat human food . 
"AT_USER as auction house, beer house a car house, outhouse on highway no 19 the people keep d bangers clean . 
"til that in 1814 a "15-foot high tsunami of beer" swept through london and killed eight people. todayilearned til" 
"rt AT_USER i want rapid fired pizza tho.." 
"rt AT_USER i still havent carved a pumpkin. i still havent been somewhere haunted and spooky. i still havent baked halloween coo" 
"sitting here with no beer thinking,i can do this, i can do this. phhh, who am i kidding, i'm gone for a carry out solvingproblems" 
"AT_USER ye la. asal gi mac, mesti mcspicy add cheese and iced milo w/o fail. mcm mana nak try samurai burger? " 
"so far this morning i've had a chocolate meal replacement shake, hot chocolate, and 2 chocolate chip cookies. hello sugar rush." 
"rt AT_USER all the pineapple on pizza is disgusting slander is cancelled. . 
"me: can i have a few ketchup packets? deli lady: oh there's already ketchup on your sandwich me: i honestly feel so attacked right now" 
"AT_USER AT_USER this seems like a worse idea than pineapple on a pizza." 
"rt AT_USER hello, i am a bear. where can you get bread? i am asking for another creature. (i am sorry for the deceit. i am the one" 
"rt AT_USER uninspired effort, green dinged, bad game for curry, durant turned it over like a pastry, and the warriors lost by a fract" 
"AT_USER its always loaded with cheese! im a sucker for cheese" 
"son this is a cry for help . 
"no need to be hostile. . 
"i really wanna try and make homemade pizza or little pizza bomb but i'm literally shy about asking if this is something i can do" 
"rt AT_USER hating ass, good morning though . 
"life's too short for fake butter, cheese or people lifeisshort . 
"when hate mongering against ik the only reason to earn bread AT_USER . 
"you're missing out if your bread isn't toasted . 
"how i missed this one atakchmielu from browarpinta beer beeroclock artofbeer beerstagram twgsbeer craftbe . 
"AT_USER is this how you see the earth? like a long ass peice of bread? . 
"grabbing food with some of my guys. he said he wanted a veggie burger with bacon on it. he called it the hypocrite. im weak " 
"lol, shitting on chicago-style pizza in chicago. that's the daily show. . 
"rt AT_USER the first time i was sexually harassed, i was 10 years old and i was catcalled on my way to pick a pizza order for my mom." 
"rt AT_USER all the connected stores have some bomb ass mimosa on the shelf ! santa anna will have some soon ! cookies " 
"AT_USER AT_USER hey, try doing that on a fresh browser. no cookies, no history. im thinking it should not work this time!" 
"9 bottles of wine in the beer fridge and my parents havent questioned me yet" 
"gon to the hospital to see ma sister.she took an allergic reaction to margarine n been in a coma for 6 weeks. i can't believe she'not better" 
"life is like a shit sandwich the more bread you got.... the less shit you eat. lmao. . 
"stop exploding soda cans" 
"that totally killed my mood, i did have a beer with the bartender and the guys which was nice but still mad" 
"rt AT_USER "while im watching every nigga watching me closely, my shit is butter for the bread they want to toast me . 
"cancerous food additives to avoid: 925 &amp; e925 chlorine (agent used in bleaching flour, bread enhancer and stabiliser)" 
"rt AT_USER mac n cheese man, that shit makes the world go round" 
"AT_USER no yumping . 
"rt AT_USER and now for a limited time only new flamin hot chester cheese tots" 
"AT_USER theres some odd cookies on there...." 
"AT_USER AT_USER most statues in dublin resemble people who have missed the last bus home after a beer sesh." 
"bruh this finna burn the fuck outta someone . 
"rt AT_USER i wanna be a real fake . 
"AT_USER let me guess, a hurricane is heading toward texas and now there is a shortage of totinos pizza rolls!" 
"just burnt my tongue on vegan cheese. this is meant to be cruelty free." 
"rt AT_USER so me &amp; my dad got in a argument about cookies cause i told him don't nobody eat no hard chips ahoy . 
"nah it's not enough my brother eats all of my cereal, he eats my pizza, and now he's eaten all of my ice cream proper fuckin twat" 
"rt AT_USER gimme the fuck pasta salad with the motorola cheese . 
"AT_USER AT_USER that is a bad play on the pancake for the table" 
"AT_USER wait no AT_USER donuts. i assume you ate them on the way" 
"while the idiot spencer does have a right to free speech, i'm down with the brewery's response. we need to stop th . 
"AT_USER cookies go hard af. can eat them everyday" 
"rt AT_USER give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our sins as we forgive those who sin against us" 
"rt AT_USER i was tryna grab yours this morning dead ass. . 
"us at country thunder i am crying AT_USER AT_USER . 
"torn between trying to detox from vacation but also rly wanting a pumpkin beer " 
"lmaoo... i made 8 toast, 8 eggs, 16 bacon, 2 cups of coffee, and 2 cups of milk and they wasted all of it fml" 
"AT_USER supergirl 1984 has an ending so bad that i can't watch the current tv series. i need a six pack of beer to watch the film." 
"rt AT_USER if i didn't bring donuts he probably wouldn't have said yes . 
"AT_USER when any team has issues with their 1 qb whether injury or bad play its a huge problem . browns hold m . 
"AT_USER poison cookies keebler elf lying sop agincontempt can't recall, no executive privilege but still li . 
"bobby been with the shits . 
"rt AT_USER payment cards stolen in pizza hut website hack | . . via AT_USER 
"so all the beer and laziness was just a pre-emptive strike on my part. . 
"rt AT_USER i'm tryna get my bread up . fuck a hoe " 
"AT_USER im gonna go and masturbate then cry into a slice of pizza" 
"rt AT_USER i think that when u be eatin that bread in church or sum shit . 
"fox news: woman attacks 7-eleven clerk with hot nacho cheese because the customer is always right . 
"we got a free bottle of prosecco and now we are fucked up in pizza express" 
"ever since that video of the guy eating a bread sandwich came out i've been saying "nathing" every day i don't care if people understand" 
"AT_USER ketchup is cancer . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER dr.pepper is gross. if i wanted to drink stale soda i'd drink stale soda. becuase that's what it taste like." 
"eating healthy blows. carrots taste terrible when you can smell your colleagues bacon egg and cheese bagel . 
"after eating my whole salad with bleu cheese, ive realized i do not like bleu cheese" 
"i lost the chance to tell you the next day off. wanted to say hi. beer" 
"rt AT_USER us at country thunder i am crying AT_USER AT_USER . 
"AT_USER haha you been looking up slimming ads .......u need to block the cookies could have been worse like gay porn worse lol" 
"the bacon they serve at the dinning halls here is fucking gross" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER stuck indoors. made to watch cnn all day. pizza delivery!" 
"but you don't know what they are you've been there for beer all your damn life and you don't know what the ... . 
"AT_USER very much appreciate the offer dude but cant make it unfortunately. need a catch up beer soon though, been absolutely ages!" 
"had 3.5 krispy kreme donuts for lunch zero regrets" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER hitler had legitimate grievances too and people did listen to him a few at fir . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER supergirl 1984 has an ending so bad that i can't watch the current tv series. i need a six pack of beer" 
"jordans piss journal-monday 16th october- moved on from wash bins to beer bottles" 
"AT_USER "that's why stop dieting. you only live once, my friend." walked to the shortest queue then took a loo . 
"anyone that fought me on ranch not belonging on pizza can bite my ass this coupon knows what the fuck is up . 
"AT_USER AT_USER obviously. but wanted to see if wire urdu is shittier than wire english. just like co . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER no ketchup or mustard what the fuck" 
"moans . 
"a typical dumb clinton voter. why not put a plank across. duh! . 
"rt AT_USER i'll buy you a pita pit philly cheese steak if yall make it to the playoffs this season. . 
"dirty british duo sentenced for outrageous sex acts inside domino's pizza in england . . 
"lamb bhuna, mushroom rice, cheese naan and 3 poppadoms destroyed. better take some toilet paper out in the van tomorrow " 
"eating carrots like they're going out of style to block out the fact i ate 2 slices of pizza beforehand" 
"rt AT_USER stale bread and dirty water would be appropriate. she should be booted out for putting her liberal agenda before th " 
"backwards world: salt is good for you &amp; diet soda is bad? . 
"stop by brower steps from 12-3 and buy some tasty brownies and cookies for only $1! zbtreats agd AT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER eating healthy blows. carrots taste terrible when you can smell your colleagues bacon egg and cheese bagel . 
""altright haircuts" "cops killing black people and children" take your pick of comments on this sweet boy loving . 
"AT_USER disinformational garbage. no thanks pedo scum. pizza fucker. rot in hell" 
"rt AT_USER my dumbass tried to buy 3 cookies for $1.60 and my card got declined lmfao sad" 
"someone stop me from going to &amp;pizza for lunch... 5...4...3....toooooo late gone . 
""age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese." - luis bunuel ~ . 
"ah, to be young and have the energy to do stupid things . 
"rt AT_USER who doesn't love fresh pita bread? manhattan nyc crisp food foodie yum . 
"AT_USER miss you too baby cakes" 
"rt AT_USER deprive a fascist of listeners, get a free beer. win-win. . 
"fuck hurry get the pizza out the oven and the mt. dew warp aint gettin my shiznit" 
"live near lewes, de? stop by and drop a pint. save 3 lives, fight bloodcancer, and all the juice and cookies you w . 
"imagine if my housemates (zac) weren't so silly as to put grated cheese in the toaster to try and make a cheese toastie" 
"nah im good, ill just keep stuffing my bread under the mattress . 
"the cookies now look like poop, the panini tastes odd and the cheese is acc horrific" 
"AT_USER still thought it sucked. human beer vending machines." 
"rt AT_USER i was breakin bread w niggas that was shady" 
"cheese nips bring my dirty twitter mind alive." 
"AT_USER AT_USER no but for the cost of a can of soda i'll shoot her in her horsey face!" 
"AT_USER they both have terrible donuts anyways, but because the new place has kolaches, they win." 
"eating string cheese properly is a serious drain on my productivity." 
"rt AT_USER junior year: this year sucks ass senior year: hold my beer . 
"coworker -"there is no bad bacon". i couldn't help myself &amp; chimed in "unless you witnessed how that bacon became bacon" veganinadairystate" 
"rt AT_USER bad cheese" 
"AT_USER AT_USER no problem. had an egg, cheese amd bacon croissant breakfast sandwich. i think im having a ter . 
"that shit horrible . 
"cheese under arrest . 
"*judged her for eating lots of donuts* but, who could say no to donuts . 
"anarchy in volga region: masses of starving women &amp; children travel in search of bread. overcrowded cargo barges float down volga 1917live" 
"AT_USER AT_USER kathy, hes not muslim. he eats the wrong stuff drinks beer never worshipped at a mosque. . 
"i've seen grown-ass men bolt when scouts ask them to buy cookies. are these the same guys baffled that women don't want to be hit on 24/7?" 
"when philly branding goes wrong: cream cheese shoes and cheesesteak chips? - . . branding" 
"rt AT_USER if you think theres anything better to eat on a fall day than a cheese toasty and a bowl of soup, youre wrong. " 
"a boy bought pizza to my apartment for me and i couldn't be happier" 
"AT_USER true. i have no problem with pineapple pizza" 
"mcdonalds chicken tenders nasty af i like the ones they had back in the g" 
"rt AT_USER bruh this finna burn the fuck outta someone . 
"don't think i've felt this emotionally fucked since like 2013 when i was being driven to school by a dropout priest smelling like bacon" 
"glad you didn't hug her. too many hr sexual harassment complaints recently in ca. . 
"rt AT_USER i dunno why i bother with fake tan i end up looking like tiger bread by wednesday every week" 
"rt AT_USER no beer for 11 days. high protein diet of bbq meats. simple. . 
"pumpkin spice pizza?? stop it. you're letting me down jerz. . 
"AT_USER i get you, AT_USER . i tell my kids this one all the time: "it's very hard to make you cookies witho . 
"rt AT_USER someone: i miss taylor:( me: o..mg are they hinting that they got invited to a secret session? someone: im eating a " 
"AT_USER barbecue sauce and tomato sauce with cheese does not sound good" 
"if you need to cry into a beer over usa not making the world cup. i'd recommend a AT_USER fruited sour ale. we still have em in stock." 
"the man has spoken. no. pineapple. pizza. . 
"AT_USER AT_USER any soda is bad for your teeth since soda is quite acidic. it basically dissolves your teeth" 
"rt AT_USER sounds like a burger king limited time offer.. can't flex lol try our new bacon and cheese wobster.. now with spicy " 
"87-year-old nj woman faces eviction over grandson who brings her donuts, checks her mail . 
"damn, braun is a messy ketchup eater! . 
"AT_USER AT_USER oh so sorry to know that and this does not even look like a pizza !!" 
"rt AT_USER when you've broken your diet and still have half a cake and three donuts left. . 
"i saw a guy crash his bike into some dude this morning and i got a grilled cheese hot panini and it wasn't hot. wasn't even warm. humpday" 
"nuts to pumpkin spice, spicy chicken tenders are all i need rn . . 
"AT_USER i don't like them much either, but mostly because i don't like a lot of cheese in my food. *also ducks*" 
"i dislike shells and surly beer. prefer wisconsin brews. i will avoid the state fair, renfest, and mall of america . 
"damn i want me some mcdonald's ice cream with two fresh chocolate chip cookies on tha side " 
"rt AT_USER if you reheat your pizza you deserve a special place in hell" 
"no guinness? i'll carry my own then.... fumba ekilungo ekyo . 
"kat dragged me to her class for subpar pizza and a movie that i watched in high school" 
"AT_USER horrible beer" 
"fuck those butter and bread pickles or whatever they called and sweet pickles. unless they the same thing." 
"that look disgusting. aint no golden brown marks, grilled marks, onions, chili , ketchup or nothing!! . 
"long bus trips require the bareessentials - cognac, tokeage, beer &amp; babywipes (b/c i'll no doubt shit myself . 
"rt AT_USER if your not drinking water this morning you bout dumb as shit promoted by papa john's pizza" 
"im so lazy i just put valentina n cheese on my frijoles y arroz. put tht shit in a bowl n bowl apple tea" 
"AT_USER AT_USER that doesn't mean they like salad... i don't go chomping on a piece of bacon and thinking . 
"well ive long wondered what could make me gag more than a clamato beer and reader have i got the answer for you . 
"AT_USER nothing better than some baked cookies delivered for the birthday! . 
".AT_USER 's darkness day mixes beer and metal: our top picks for happenings oct. 18-24: . 
"i be so disappointed . 
"rt AT_USER why do people ask "how was class?" like class was class. id rather be wasted on a beach eating pizza, but here i am." 
"brexit 'no deal' will hit cheese prices the most . . 
"lvhcc kids don't play about their food. i couldn't get no quick shots. butter bread and pineapples was the first... . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER a crime against sushi and pizza" 
"i ate my garlic bread o no" 
"AT_USER AT_USER tbh, there's not much better than pizza. end up getting any yet?" 
"AT_USER fry em like bacon after their treason is proven ! make an example of them all !" 
"rt food52 "how to make cut-out cookies, in advance, with no flour splattered anywhere. no flour at all. . 
"rt AT_USER trump is like a sleepy child screaming "i hate you" until you offer them chocolate chip cookies &amp; disney channel. he nee" 
"AT_USER that being said, i am offended by people putting nuts in cakes. please do not endorse this behavior, . 
"rt AT_USER this man has been put through hell for simply following his religious beliefs. such a disgrace. . 
"rt AT_USER guys. are energy drinks a scam? like, i know i'm not the only one who still feels sleepy after drinking a fucking monste" 
"rt AT_USER dimes to donuts if it were a muslim judge, libs would be outraged if anyone opposed the nomination. . 
"ewww! that looks disgusting AT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER had a dream danny bonaduce was in a mexican biker gang &amp; he was bout'a beat my ass for scratching his pepperoni &amp; cheese pa" 
"bro you just live for promoting nothingness....fucking pancake ass nigga . 
"rt AT_USER no i have not watched demis doc yet. i need a full day, a box of tissues, pizza, and ice cream for that to happen. oh and lot" 
"rt AT_USER going live with some vgc 2017 battle spot! using a qr team made by AT_USER featuring pulverizing pancake snorlax " 
"AT_USER she's just trying to appeal to the ignorant men she's surrounded by. she the "want a cookie" type. bak . 
"ahhh today's a good day to make some effin bread" 
"rt AT_USER nah im good, ill just keep stuffing my bread under the mattress . 
"AT_USER AT_USER domino's pizza is plotting to kill the wgr550 radio crew? this isn't even funny." 
"rt AT_USER im gonna facefuck this slice of pizza so hard rn...me sexting." 
"rt AT_USER .AT_USER your worker just delivered pizza to my house then called me a fag bc i only gave $2 tip... this was her . 
"*takes bite of sandwich* this bread so tough, i could scratch my ass if it was itchin' -my mom" 
"rt AT_USER i'll never forget the time i cried over my pizza hut pasta . . 
"rt AT_USER i picture him in a field, crying, with ketchup dripping down his shirt screaming know you are but what am i? or " 
"rt AT_USER bread and egg :/ . 
"AT_USER gotta drop some fried chicken strips in it." 
"rt AT_USER jurnee and jordann really sat in the car last night and argue about pizza... for a whole ass 30 minutes" 
"and last night you might be feeling bitter and sour. turns out, we have beer to match your mood. . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER he poisoned cakes forty of them" 
"AT_USER is that a minnesota thing? round pizza cut into squares is total bullshit. but i don't mind a square pizza cut into squares." 
"i rated a goose beer too low on untappd i said no to marketing emails i got too drunk at the block party" 
"fresh banana nut bread! too bad there no smell-o-vision banana bananabread baker bakery madefromscratch . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER i think delivery guy was drunk, hardly 5km away is my place from outlet.. and he says "it " 
"fuck bread i made a loaf now lets make a toast " 
"rt AT_USER got a little hungry before i picked my bread up lls but im here now getting my dough sending ya cut ma AT_USER . 
"keep that mess in jersey. . 
"now i want yams and mac with my jerk chicken tonight . 
"AT_USER she's wondering where to get bougie bread while on maternity leave. i'm not joking, but i am now eternally screaming." 
"AT_USER only soda i fuck wit from there is strawberry sprite" 
"AT_USER no its different this ones by the dunken donuts" 
"AT_USER i salute anyone who almost makes themselves sick on crisps! alwaysworthit. prawn cocktail, in my opinion . 
"AT_USER she was ashamed to say that, she might've put off training a few days due to wanting to learn baking. ca . 
"rt AT_USER "you ain't been around long enough to talk that cookie shit wit me" . 
"the most fire dont @ me . 
"rt AT_USER "wow i need to start losing weight" -me as i eat an entire box of kraft mac &amp; cheese" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER unfortunately, i wont . 
"rt AT_USER been busy baking for the AT_USER bake sale in aid of breast cancer research on friday! cakes cookies charity . 
"rt AT_USER ...this is our generation. the other half too busy playing beer pong and breaking tables and shit. . 
"rt AT_USER vile how quick people are to make a comment about a girl having 'no tits' or 'no arse', dya think i chose to look like a" 
"i now hate donuts... . 
"AT_USER AT_USER the story of one man's struggle to illegally smuggle crisps and melted cheese into the . 
"rt AT_USER stressed? eat some cheese, sad? eat some cheese. stressed and sad? you already know" 
"rt AT_USER fresh banana nut bread! too bad there no smell-o-vision banana bananabread baker bakery madefromscratch " 
"there was a beer called fish eagle back when i was in high school. that shit had 7% vol. and cost p4. shit was fuckin' deadly." 
"rt AT_USER sebastian from the artisan cheese and cured meats stall at redhill market will be at redhill big day out! on satur " 
"rt AT_USER rise and roll donuts say what??? these bad boys are free if you register for dance marathon today in chapel view lo " 
"rt AT_USER i got 99 problems and beer solves about 96 of em. " 
"i got 99 problems and beer and tacos could probably fix about 86 of them right now." 
"AT_USER sweden's beer leagues are calling blashill, nyquist, kronwall and ericsson. wings can't win with these guys." 
"oh shit . 
"who would want to go there with kids..they rigged the games! 3 tickets at a time no matter the game outcome. . 
"AT_USER melon beer after a hard training day! beer london eurostar . 
"beer makes me tired, hard alcohol makes me sick, and being sober isn't happening, where the in between" 
"AT_USER why did she give you the cookies she's the one wanting me to die sure she might have added some poi . 
"AT_USER isitok that my son is this upset over the pepperoni pizza being sold out . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER you can find a report to prove anything - doesn't make it true. i present th . 
"AT_USER tonight im cheating thou as i had no potatoes for homemade chips :( so i have crinkle cut sausage egg . 
"killer soda? not-so-sweet news for cola drinkers (. health . 
"rt AT_USER hoes are like the last piece of bread... you really don't want it but you'll fuck with it" 
"over 40 years ago, for revenge on the texas rangers, the indians had a 10-cent beer night that ended in a riot . 
"bought a bunch of beer but nue got mad. what'd i do wrong?" 
"tremendo work out this morning then a salad and soup from panera bread. estoy que no me conosco. " 
"rt AT_USER now i want yams and mac with my jerk chicken tonight . 
"rt AT_USER holy fuck i was heating a pizza and it almost burned because i was on twitter" 
"AT_USER coffee will do the trick? it is not serious until they order pizza and start to drag folding beds . 
"AT_USER and bake christmas cookies, and drink hot chocolate while watching christmas films :( oh my god" 
"i'm eating pork sausages, leg of pork, pork steaks, pork burgers, pork shoulder, chilli, coconut/ pork curry, bacon &amp; liver halal? doubt it!" 
"AT_USER i dont actually hate pineapple on pizza, but." 
"no you just bought christmas cookies." 
"rt AT_USER theres no tomatoes in ketchup, its food coloring - same guy" 
"jv team gone- now its time to go after the domestic varsity team! hold comey and hillarys feet to the fire! . 
"bitch thats an uncrustable you uncultured swine . 
"2. puff pastry brittle that it crumbles under ugly truths then it really is worthless. i have to own the evil done by people close to me" 
"AT_USER if you don't go get that fried chicken and stop playing" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER brexit: what's needed, some sober reflection , very difficult thru a beer/ " 
"plans for october 27th: get home from work, lock self in apartment, huddle on the couch, order pizza and prepare for tears strangerthings2" 
".AT_USER only knows whos butter her bread today... poor old woman who seeks another term cant help america, . 
"rt AT_USER due to pop demand we've added AT_USER retail cheese training day in london,tues 31 oct, book now &amp; get the team r" 
"nice bitter. a hefty ale. - drinking the lazy frog by AT_USER @ offshore ale company . 
"rt AT_USER this is the mp that history woman university lecturer tory troll called a slut and had to apologise, the same tory " 
"rt AT_USER this hedgehog got stuck in a slice of bread . 
"AT_USER just start nutting on donuts n shit" 
"bitcoin blockchain 's pizza block, height : 57035 . 
"been vegetarian for like a good 2 weeks now, but ya girl feening for some chicken wings &amp; beer who gone stop meeee isuck" 
"*during lunch timber drew a picture of him and miss copper eating cookies, so once tutoring is done he looks around AT_USER for her*" 
"a tale of two credit card breaches: pizza hut, hyatt expose customer data - ... that the fraudulent ... . 
"the struggle . 
"AT_USER AT_USER bloody hell. let us seize the cheese/day" 
"i could start a war simply because i didn't get my daily dose of oatmeal raisin cookies" 
"rt AT_USER who is thii move your giant pizza ass who is thiiiiiis????" 
"rt AT_USER i want a man this fall so i can steal his sweaters, bake cookies with him, go on a coffee date while it's raining and wa" 
"rt AT_USER leftist conspiracy: theres a melania body double. rightist conspiracy: a pizza place is actually a satanic enclave/pedoph" 
"rt AT_USER a rule of "bread and circuses" is that when bread runs low, hire more clowns and throw more people to the lions. . 
"AT_USER 1 buy a good ass house 2 invest in bitcoin trading &amp; mining 3 buy a lot of beer" 
"rt AT_USER at opening night of AT_USER with AT_USER beer mats &amp; glasses. dont forget we have 5 devops plus othe " 
"im so mad my indian place is under new management and doesnt have what i usually get or naan bread!!! wtf is this!!!" 
"i'd say i need a beer but i don't want the you're an alcoholic speach" 
"sad note, sad puppy, sad pizza: abandoned pit bull finds new home thanks to philly neighborhood facebook group . 
"so far, biggest crowds are at the public house. my kids are driving me crazy. need beer. beer . 
"AT_USER AT_USER as long as its not beer haha" 
"AT_USER i got the sauce, no ketchup" 
"you mean theres a beer pong tournament right after the softball game tomorrow? hell yes." 
"rt AT_USER i thought going to uni would make me lose weight... all i've lost is the willpower to say no to sweets, cakes and pizza " 
"i don't trust you if you put a thin ass layer of cream cheese on your bagel" 
"kai just took the biggest piece of pizza only room fo 1fat cunt and thats me boo give it back" 
"rt AT_USER i have 0 self control when it comes to cookies or brownies smh i hate myself" 
"rt people "sad note, sad puppy, sad pizza: abandoned pit bull finds new home thanks to philly neighborhood faceboo . 
"oh. damn thats a hard one . 
"AT_USER AT_USER everything but the haunted house .. . 
"rt AT_USER who called it no name brand bread instead of john dough." 
"rt AT_USER my family usually doesnt get into arguments but when we do its about who ate all the garlic bread" 
"AT_USER cheese. there's always blocks of cheese at home." 
"rt AT_USER bigbadbioenergy the next big threat to our forests? it's already started. south east woodchipping heats bega cheese . 
"rt AT_USER but ask him to loan you the same sum of the cost of a carton of beer and he will struggle, making you choose between the&amp; hi" 
"cross just ruined good "chicken pot pie". . 
"rt AT_USER no commitments, no break ups. just pizza. " 
"rt AT_USER wanna carve pumpkins and go to haunted houses and bake cookies and watch scary movies and have bonfires but time is running" 
"rt AT_USER beer says, " you've survived rejection. you will again and again. that's how strong you really are. drink up, bitch, y" 
"and that shit goes rt AT_USER its a delicacy . 
"you aint even got no cheese bitch" 
"rt AT_USER nothing's wrong w/ gp girls . 
"rt AT_USER francis bacon study for the head of a screaming pope 1952 . 
"rt AT_USER will never understand the value of going out to have one pint, it's either a lime and soda or being unable to speak" 
"rt AT_USER everyone: the trend of overly aggressive court graphics that take up 40% of the floor is terrible and bad ucf: hol " 
"i want french fries now &amp; i'm totally blaming you AT_USER " 
"she wanna get serious but the butter don't come wit the bread a told her give me a sec! catchup" 
"AT_USER bloody luxury. hide in the cheese and you'll be warm enough." 
"what type of nonsense these niggas on . 
"i took a chunk of my thumb off with a butter knife cutting cheese. this is the second time this year ive suffered a cheese related injury" 
"lily and fed bought string cheese at a boba shop... idk what's more confusing...the string cheese being sold or cho . 
"rt AT_USER all that mischief calls for one legendary beer, well it is the seasonofmischief after all... . 
"AT_USER the dangers of chicken tenders" 
"rt AT_USER cheese nips bring my dirty twitter mind alive." 
"shall i try being angry too? grrr my beer is marginally above the perfect temperature.... . 
"yeah, no. i hear what youre saying. all im saying is i want pizza." 
"AT_USER max was drinking a soda as he watched the scene. it made h8m angry to see a mutant suffer like that. . 
"kid said i never bake &amp; i said i used 2 &amp; they said "i don't remember" &amp; 2 prove them wrong i baked them zucchini bread parenthood's a scam." 
"i hate having to warm up my pizza in the microwave" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER he wanted to change it too but he felt bad. also this is how i feel when people . 
"goddamn it i saw the picture and thought this was supposed to be ahageo smh . 
"rt AT_USER shut the fuck up you look like you sweat vienna sausage water" 
"nah this avocado, pernil &amp; cheese toast is odeeeeeeeeeeeeeee wow." 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER in reality how many mps have 3 or more jobs, besides candy crush soda saga, parliament addition." 
"rt AT_USER and for the lady, perhaps a salad? perhaps not. l'll have the steak, smothered in onions. a rack of ribs. pasta wi " 
"AT_USER pineapple on pizza or nah? askmkbhd" 
"if you think you're having a bad day... my pizza delivery guy is stuck in our elevator (with the pizza!), and the... . 
"rt AT_USER parallax update: drinking soda and talking conspiracy theories . | hiveworks parallaxcomic " 
"rt AT_USER lily and fed bought string cheese at a boba shop... idk what's more confusing...the string cheese being sold or cho " 
"i get her point. u wanna suck bread but dont wanna appreciate her motherhood? men are trash. smh . 
"review: the yongnuo 40mm f/2.8 pancake lens for nikon is bad - petapixel (blog) . 
"i was jst mad to come in until i remembered its a pizza party " 
"'you die for those people' me this morning when my friend gave me her box of cookies . 
"nonsense bread" 
"stream delayed by half hour, cos popcorn! hey...at least it isn't chocolate cake lol 9:30 gmt" 
"AT_USER u tweet so much shit. dat na why u no get money to buy ur wife bread" 
"the smell of parmesan cheese makes me gag . i hate it ." 
""sad note, sad puppy, sad pizza: abandoned pit bull finds new home thanks to philly neighborhood facebook group . 
"your bf gives you to much pizza and dick thats why!!! . 
"AT_USER AT_USER a sex dungeon in the basement of a pizza place is fake. sex trafficking and cover-ups reachin . 
"looking at where my pizza oven used to be is kinda sad though" 
"rt AT_USER these vegan cheese &amp; onion roasted chickpeas are seriously addictive! via AT_USER . . 
"rt AT_USER what type of nonsense these niggas on . 
"rt AT_USER pop music is short for popular music, not songs about soda... unfortunately" 
"beer is better than hate! . 
"rt AT_USER it be the ones whose diets consist of ingredients they can't pronounce and they try and say veganism isn't adequate https:" 
"rt AT_USER cook county soda tax dumped; preckwinkle blames 'tax fatigue' . 
"rt AT_USER dreads are a socially accepted biological weapon. lice, mites, fermented bread crumbs... plants can even grow in there, mat" 
"repost AT_USER time to make the donuts, stop chasing her chase the bag. 50centralbet . 
"rt AT_USER no one tells you how much string cheese you'll eat as a grown up." 
"rt AT_USER seokjin having an existencial crisis bc he accidentally revealed that eatjins menu was pizza will never not be fun " 
"rt AT_USER since when did kids enjoying things become worse than 20yr+ men harassing food service workers over sauce made out of bbq and" 
"AT_USER the hate crime department is overstretched with bacon mishandling complaints. let's be fair to them." 
"AT_USER small pizza or massive pepperoni? the scale is troubling me... " 
"rt AT_USER til i get my bread for them beats, studio, clothes, videos, trips, jewelry, &amp; them writers take that shit off itunes AT_USER 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER fuck you cheese cowboy" 
"i found papas and beer and then i lost them so im just gonna have to buy an elote to get over this tradgey" 
"AT_USER well who doesn't love bacon on sale at a minimum price?" 
"maybe if i had a denim jacket on and stopped for a poutine somewhere. then capped the night off drinking a beer with my touque on." 
"this.kicks.ass. this is fighting speech with more speech and smart speech. shut him down by denying him an audien . 
"... i could eat that much in a day if i tried. lame stat. add cheese please. . 
"maybe i'm out your league, bitch you ain't even got no cheese, bitch . 
"dead at mo giving me a can of beer on stage then singing craig david" 
"balls! i've missed most of this week's challenging medical themes! shouldn't have made those cakes with the kids gpsbehindcloseddoors" 
"quick shoutout to AT_USER for the most fire brownie cookies on queen . 
"need a girl to that's down to watch baseball and drink beer. where they hiding at? mythical creatures" 
"AT_USER my father- at a party- said to my mother, sitting on the cooler, hey bitch, pass me a beer. 6 months later: married." 
"trick or pizza insteadoftrickortreating" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER went to bed looking like pizza face, woke up the next morning after one use and was shook! shook! no " 
"AT_USER i know right, i use to love cheese puffs, he ruined those chips too. he ruins everything." 
"rt AT_USER captain suntan crushing papa john and uofl board for terminating jurich. and then giving away papa john's pizza to " 
"rt AT_USER unpopular opinion but bbq pizza is gross" 
"rt AT_USER this cheese graveyard is a drop dead gorgeous way to get everyone at the party into the halloween spirit. " 
"them niggas playing you want make some bread? . 
"a punk rock/beer fest sounds like literally the worst time. not looking for ppl to angrily spill their beers on me thx tho." 
"AT_USER i knew youd reply to this lol. its not the best pizza in the world but its all i can afford" 
"better not see another papa johns pizza box in my house or someone is getting murdered" 
"AT_USER well. papa john's pizza is the grossest pizza ever so there's that nasty crust and nasty sauce pizzahut hometown bearnos" 
"he can't cut the mustard but he can cut the cheese or break wind. he hasn't got a pot to piss in either idiomatic" 
"i've never experience how good it taste pizza im sad" 
"AT_USER nope AT_USER its a shit sandwich. if we want the bread, we have to eat the shit." 
"when ur piece of garbage roomate takes ur car and u want to make grilled cheese but got no cheese and now no wheels to get it &lt;" 
"AT_USER AT_USER it is, hes a freak. he was raging last night cus he said gravy half and half instead of . 
"AT_USER oh no, im totally gonna watch it, but pizza and wine will need to come first." 
"rt AT_USER if anyone's trynna get drunk and decorate halloween cookies with me, let me know." 
"rt AT_USER king's style of cutting cakes is also shahsome. 13 days for srk day !! . 
"rt AT_USER i am shamelessly eating an entire bread bowl cause i dont give a fuck. thats no soup, just bread" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER "i got the sauce. no ketchup, just sauce. raw sauce" . 
"white people type of shit. . 
"rt AT_USER youre not an alcoholic. you drink on the weekends with your friends and its beer. or because youre bored. stop glamo" 
"rt AT_USER somebody arrest this man . 
"rt AT_USER angry yelpers went off on a california restaurant that admitted to using popeyes fried chicken in its dishes . 
"AT_USER oh no pineapple makes the pizza" 
"rt AT_USER my baby's first hotdog... asked me if he should 'suck the sausage outta the bun' i told him no, just bite into it. " 
"AT_USER AT_USER im not sure if maryland is a three strikes state. it would have help in this case. but . 
"schulers iced sugar cookies make me wanna die" 
"fighting hatred with beer icangetbehindthat . 
"rt AT_USER actually we are forbidden from making artisan statements . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER nothing is ever ruined with beer...." 
"hitting strides on wednesdays. fuck about, cheese ham and toast for dinner 3rd night on the bounce. as you were ta c" 
"hoppy red ale, very nice - drinking an evil dead red by AT_USER - . 
"rt AT_USER wrong. with AT_USER voter suppression, seems "crooked" may better describe red states. bye! . 
"AT_USER why would you old cult boycott a beer company? i thought drinking was forbidden?" 
"AT_USER cause cheese nasty bruh" 
"i hope every soda u open is already shaken up someones mad . 
"rt AT_USER me: has 3 essays to write buzzfeed: we can tell how lonely you are by your choice in bread me: . 
"just saw a burger king whip out some generic brand ketchup smh" 
"AT_USER it'd be so boring, just vids of me binge eating oreos going "meh" lol. also, unrelated but where do i . 
"rt AT_USER i want a good ass bacon cheeseburger" 
"i keep seeing this funnel cakes r nasty tweet but im just choosing to ignore it" 
"i would nearly kill for your fish and chips in new york. no one is as great as you. . 
"well most of my day went fine. the last hour sucked, though. its only wednesday but im having a beer. . 
"AT_USER you're basically me. pineapples, pizza, naps, cats.. i see no difference. besides the hair. truestory napqueens" 
"rt AT_USER every time i say "that's the dumbest thing i've ever seen," some ka-dds comes along and says "hold my beer." . 
"me: i really need to cut down the amount of carbs i eat. also me, after rice, bread and fries for dinner: i reall . 
"AT_USER never said you shouldnt. its like being mad your pizza was never delivered when you never called p . 
"nigga sipping a beer with a straw i can't respect it . 
"AT_USER you might be on to something with the oatmeal raisin cookies but i think its some niggas in the city th . 
"tears in eyes, i can have bedtime snacks again! hey unsalted rice cakes in the background, bye forever !!!! . 
"rt AT_USER i want a cold ass beer rn ... " 
"always craving mac n cheese from evahs, always pissed when i get it and its not worth $15 fucking dollars." 
"rt AT_USER ill never order another AT_USER pizza mr.shitner" 
"rt AT_USER fucc u spending on that bread on them bitches for bro , they dont give af about u bro the bill is $58" 
"AT_USER alright. the kennedy fried chicken near mosholu is ass. the one near my block is 1000x better." 
"AT_USER it cost bread or nah" 
"good you dont need that negativity in your life . 
"if you know what "entitydefinition.isdeprecatedandhidden" is for and when it will work i'll pay you a beer. . 
"retarded statement . 
"rt AT_USER this is just the beginning of correcting a very big injustice. the case against errington cheese was always a vend " 
"alright. the kennedy fried chicken near mosholu is ass. the one near my block is 1000x better." 
"rt AT_USER good you dont need that negativity in your life . 
"AT_USER AT_USER yall are dumb raisin cookies good hard" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER oh, ffs, trump could hand you a sandwich made from his own s . 
"rt AT_USER the bible is meant to be bread for daily use, not cake for special occasions." 
"getting melted cheese off of dishes is the worst" 
"shook moment of the day: bread is the same word in spanish and korean" 
"my dick is the size of a sausage roll" 
"does that mean his dick tiny or . 
"time to start cutting the cheese on politics!" 
"holy shit i was so productive today i can't believe. so i'm treating myself by baking some peanut butter cookies~ . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER how about some cheese with your whine, brad?" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER you lying ! i always paid up. brooks a . 
"today is the last day subway has rasberry cheesecake cookies and my heart is crushed. " 
"rt AT_USER fuck wimme he dont like living put him in the dirt . 
"AT_USER AT_USER no ketchup. just sauce" 
"since my dumb ass is goin to the gym again ima "try" to stick to liquor beer i still love u" 
"rt AT_USER dan edgar is as boring as the first slice of bread that everyone throws out... i dont get the appeal towie" 
"AT_USER dude i make this bomb ass cake. so the crust is m&amp;m cookies then put reese's cups all over then browni . 
"AT_USER does eating shit late at night negate the days workouts? full disclosure, i'm eating a grilled cheese whilst drunk superset" 
"dude, barely able to buy bread and water. gotta make it to pay day! need castlevania lords of shadow 2 in my life! . 
"secret to a fat ass n slim waist??? . 
"AT_USER AT_USER i miss chocolate milk and cheese. mostly cheese." 
"rt AT_USER i ordered potato soup yesterday and they just put uncooked, cut french fries in there" 
"mwga nobody wants to consume the milk beer and the cheese from the people of this garbage dump called the state of wisconsin usa" 
"angry yelpers went off on a california restaurant that admitted to using popeyes fried chicken in its dishes . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER this guy should be given the death penalty for drinking beer with a straw." 
"AT_USER AT_USER dam im trying to make some extra bread you cutting up my money" 
"i hate pizza more than rice" 
"rt AT_USER crab cakes, collard greens and mashed potatoes....... dont miss this train!!!!!!! . 
"leave the latte. pass me a pumpkin beer. . 
"not really. i just want my cakes smashed to smithereens by these two . 
"me aloud to drink on job no worry me get pissed ye not with my beer and me in the car darling xxx" 
"rt AT_USER secret to a fat ass n slim waist??? . 
"AT_USER AT_USER organize a protest. no platform for bars that charge for beer! . 
"i just miss johnson's donuts" 
"rt AT_USER listen up, if i dont have a scary movie marathon soon and make those lil spooky sugar cookies then i might die" 
"cooked chipotle chicken sausage &amp; shrimp jambalaya &amp; im bout to put a ring on it my damn self " 
"rt AT_USER i havent drank during the last two astros games, so those loses are on me but that changes now give me beer give me runs" 
"AT_USER italy misses you too! milan-rome-florence... next stop naples? you said you ate a lot of pasta, . 
"rt AT_USER ifitwerentfordogs we'd never know how truly silly we could be. (in-bread dog) tailsofjoy . https" 
"AT_USER AT_USER his pizza is horrendous" 
"sweet dixie kitchen hell no! . 
"AT_USER mwga nobody wants to consume the milk beer and the cheese from the people of this garbage dump cal . 
"AT_USER they forget that their fans are their bread and butter! takeastandnotaknee boycottnfl . 
"a real nigga doesn't involve his girl in this bs should put her stupid ass in college wit that bread . 
"i was out and then damnit, the beer and hot dog vendors pulled me back in. . 
"AT_USER AT_USER there are more soda drinks cans sold than dom perignon bottles as well. doesn't mean it's better" 
"fruits quenching the taste buds - drinking an attack frequency (2017) at AT_USER - . 
"rt AT_USER ketchup is a sin and should not be consumed" 
"ndo bitch we moving koka in the soda mnlegends" 
"tbh i would kill to just be sitting at home on my couch watching 13 going on 30 and smashing a bread bowl from domino's" 
"rt AT_USER i would murder someone for a pizza right now" 
"i hate to think what my life would be like if pizza didnt exist" 
"yous heard of $8 lampost lance, now get ready for $10 pastry cutters weapons" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER i really thought you were madison beer for a second, i hate you carnage " 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER you need to stop watching cnn and get off that couch stop drinking soda" 
"eating pizza for supper! omg! my body hurts so much it's been hurting ever since i got up this morning maybe when i go 2 bede 2nte feel btr" 
"rt AT_USER i think youve had enough to drink first of all, fuck off and hand me another beer" 
"omfg my bestfriend just got pizza hut delivered to my dorm im crying . 
"updated skeptical chymist irish pub beer list. . 
"AT_USER AT_USER where the fuck all these people get all that ketchup all, i know stingy ass . 
"gambling how do you get a professional poker player off your porch? ... pay him for the pizza. quotes followme" 
"AT_USER AT_USER unless its from a guy ina dress, crocks, beard no tash, avoiding bacon, dogs and a 9-5. all good then." 
"AT_USER mwga nobody wants to consume the milk beer and the cheese from the people of this garbage dump called . 
"infantry soldiers aren't happy. you won't be either. stay tuned. hint: cheese eating surrender monkeys..." 
"rt AT_USER police really be risking their lives everyday. absolutely incredible job getting this monster off the streets . 
"level of adulting can be directly correlated to amount of ketchup used. an increased reliance on ketchup signifies lower adult productivity." 
"me, everyday: theres no way he can say anything worse than the things he said yesterday... trump: hold my beer.." 
"AT_USER if i don't force my relationship with the pizza people, then i lose my pizza " 
"cut cheese and meat out of your diet to not participate in this criminal and sick abuse and rape . 
"AT_USER i always say "hamburger with no cheese" because half the time they still fuck it up" 
"then, there was mr frosty which enabled you to add industrial waste to crushed ice and pretend it was tizer. still . 
"flip the bacon blind let's play - stardew valley - live stream!: . via AT_USER 
"i'd be livid if it was that slab bacon rev . 
"man got attacked by a woman and the pastor worried bout good bacon goin to waste, im cryin " 
"welp.... started eating seafood and cheese again and cholesterol and bmi jumped back stupid " 
"rt AT_USER just saw a burger king whip out some generic brand ketchup smh" 
"they never got tenders, you gotta ask as soon as the lunch menu pop up . 
"fuck the ghost take the wraith get some money, fuck the rollie fuck the rollie, patty cakes" 
"day 4: i feel hungover but i'm not ... and i want cheese all the cheese whole30 icandothis" 
"AT_USER i was tryjng to make sure it was rigbt for all i know u coukf be talking abt baking cookies or something and i could be wrong" 
"niall has never been entertaining bc hes literally so great to everyone all he wants to do is to die a virgin while . 
"rt AT_USER nice try. the fake melania story is to distract us from trump dying two weeks into office and has since been played by" 
"make a fire snake with sugar, baking soda, and a little combustion. sugarsnake blacksnake foodfireworks . 
"rt AT_USER andy sixx is dead i like brown bread andy black is here he dont drink beer aelonia is here ashley disappeared " 
"yes i am crying over domestic john winchester eating garlic bread in a destiel fic" 
"i left my cookies on the roof of my car and im actually starting to cry" 
"rt AT_USER fight hate speech. get free beer. gainesville spenceratuf . 
"AT_USER next time it wont be pizza hut knocking on your door , but a swat team pussy . block me again" 
"AT_USER AT_USER sorry ketchup sauce for me, did you've tried this one, sadly stores only supply (1) bran . 
"repost losanders85 (get_repost) pasta night! fresh to death 3 cheese manicotti spinach . 
"a song was playing and it said how you a bad bitch with no cakes? and kelly said me cause i got no cakes " 
"AT_USER AT_USER this bitch lies like shes eating cookies !!!! . 
"christian baker sued for refusing to make gay wedding cake taunted with requests for satan-themed cakes . 
"AT_USER sorry to hear that.... *leaves cookies*" 
"he looks mad af at you. . 
"why don't you and your 84 little friends go have a beer and talk about how fucking stupid you are! . 
"rt AT_USER what the fuck australia . 
"AT_USER yknow i want munchkins rn so i can have a variety. blueberry is the best, i hate when people forget t . 
"gooseislandbaconfest - drinking a cooper project no. 1 by AT_USER at AT_USER . 
"AT_USER i don't like to pick players against the jazz. what about jason smith or dwayne bacon then i can get another stud?" 
"AT_USER turnballs $115 a year is a joke. 3 pizza's cost that. its the corporations that need canning they are the thieves" 
"AT_USER ur stranmillis site door alarm been going for 2 hrs, i'm concerned the thief has most of ur italian herbs and cheese bread by now" 
"the hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread. ~ mother teresa" 
"rt AT_USER he looks mad af at you. . 
"rt AT_USER there's a ridiculous anti-meat bias among health authorities. . 
"AT_USER i told him its easy to steal pizza off the counter if no one is looking. . 
"rt AT_USER son this is a cry for help . 
"rt AT_USER i grew up poor and asian, so you bet your ass i pair everything with rice. tomato sauce and rice, sausage gravy and rice, m" 
"rt AT_USER i pointed at the sign in pancheros and said, "i'd like one 'bad beer' please," and it straight broke the cashier's mind. th" 
"rt AT_USER is it wrong that i'm going to target just for pizza hut?" 
"bitch im french bread &amp; breadstick . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER 1. what's wrong way ketchup, 2. dinny put it on ma mrs " 
"sitting in the corner at a pizzeria like an italian failure bc gluten, cheese &amp; meat..." 
"shaniqua thought french toast was a type of bread from france im screaming" 
"landslide by fleetwood mac is playing at ian's pizza rn, like damn chill i'm trying to eat but now i'm crying" 
"AT_USER its all about the chicken noodles and beef stew. cookies usually are shit" 
"hey next time i want stop for a soda on my way home someone remind not to stop at the sa in hilltop" 
"y'all i'm making vegan baked mac n cheese tonight i couldn't be more excited, it's been a while." 
"AT_USER to drive our husband to od in a den of ill repute? or in her exact case on on fatty foods? (ie fried chicken)" 
""honey, i don't care if she is chinese, vietnamese or chuk e cheese, she don't need to be learning no english!" my name is earl" 
"AT_USER AT_USER "boo racists. yeah beer" should be the 2020 dnc slogan" 
"traffic is so bad i just stopped &amp; said fuck it, id rather have a beer" 
"fucking same :( . 
"rt AT_USER map of boston's mbta subway system from 1930. did your stop (or color) exist? mine didn't. (pic via AT_USER https" 
"how many times can i eat chipotle in a week before i actually die? - a research study" 
"rt AT_USER ive been really upset lately &amp; i called eddie and i just started crying. &amp; he came to my house 30 minutes later w " 
"57.... the amount of times i about died eating taco bell while driving" 
"rt AT_USER something wicked this way comes: mcdonalds a bear in a bull costume . 
"rt AT_USER was heading to the subway and walking through my least favorite place in nyc when i spotted the AT_USER x AT_USER a " 
"rt AT_USER never seen trump more mad than this am. ate half a box of krispy kreme's during am meeting &amp; then fired 2 staffers on" 
"rt AT_USER watch out for those hunger pangs . 
"rt AT_USER a reminder that the billionaire class is never satisfied. we have to fight back because if we don't they'll take ev " 
"rt AT_USER ordering a really nasty subway sandwich (then eating it!) . 
"anyway im so tired that i really just thought ben affleck sat down in front of me at starbucks" 
"youre a poor representation of an aggie and a person from dallas. do better. . 
"no shocker here this is why you don't trust cal when recruiting 5 &amp; mcdonalds aa quade pretty sure this wasn't pa . 
"i stood at the register for 5 mins, no one came, so i used mobile order... then listened to the AT_USER employee complain about it. " 
"had a step deficit so i walked 20min to taco bell. you could say im taking my fitness goals seriously. " 
"rt AT_USER the ultimate dilemma between chicken tenders and sauce. do you dip? . 
"burger king reveals uncomfortable truth about bullying in a remarkable in-store stunt credits client: burger king . 
"rt AT_USER eat shit AT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER mccaskill's excuse for missing the opioid vote didn't hold up with fact checkers. . 
"what if starbucks employees purposely spell people's names wrong so they will snapchat it and post it on social med . 
"rt AT_USER scott baio is so mad that hawaii blocked trumps travel ban that he refuses to bake white chocolate macadamia cookies on" 
"people thought i was dead in taco bell parking lot , i was slumped right here " 
"rt AT_USER death sips a pumpkin spice latte in a starbucks. "it's actually quite good," he muses. no one hears him. the name on his c" 
"AT_USER it was shit before high sierra. chrome eats processor cycles like trump at kfc." 
"the disrespect . 
"AT_USER sure theodore, the hat wearing hack congresswoman hates trump more than you. that subway bump f...d . 
"im so dumb i just said, dunkin donuts has donut pops!! i need to go. jendnsn thats what munchkins are im dumb as fuck" 
"im screaming! 24 y/o girl next to me on subway talking to baby boomer about how she saw roger knicks: us + them before he died." 
"my soul needs starbucks. unfortunately, my soul is also broke as hell." 
"rt AT_USER something wicked this way comes: mcdonalds a bear in a bull costume . 
"regretting my decision to get starbucks" 
"did i hear app mcdonalds app found dead in a ditch . 
"no one even brought up wendys but you why are you so triggered jesus . 
"i had subway at lunch for the first time in months i am officially back on my bullshit yall" 
"rt AT_USER if i go into starbucks, i'll be late for my meeting. but if i do the drive thru they'll get the order wrong. why is life" 
"starbucks, when you dont have your shit together, i dont have my shit together, please get your shit together." 
"AT_USER public spaces are now business spaces. do you own starbucks? your city? nope. business don't care as t . 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about . 
"something wicked this way comes: mcdonalds a bear in a bull costume . 
"i was gonna go to bed but my mom is bringing home taco bell im so distraught my dudes" 
"did you guess how many candy corns are in the jar?! we have over 300 guesses! dont miss out on a $25 chipotle gift . 
"i hate to say it, but chipotle's queso really is trash" 
"yes it is not a bubble.. read it. something wicked this way comes: mcdonalds a bear in a bull costume | zero hedge . 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about what . 
"rt AT_USER the list of my food aversions grows .. eggs, chipotle , ranch , fried oysters, grilled chicken, subway meatball sandwich.. th" 
"rt AT_USER if you eat mcdonalds your opinion on food is invalid until you die, but since you eat that garbage it probably wont be long" 
"this whole past week, ive just wanted to go eat w some friends and pizza hut but no one is ever down." 
"rt AT_USER when you try to take that first sip of that oreo shake from jack in the box . 
"i regret nothing except every single time i got sick off chipotle" 
"rt AT_USER the new york city subway banned dogs unless they fit in a bag and the people of new york did not disappoint.. . 
"met her up at starbucks, or maybe that was coffee bean.. shit, i was starstruck" 
"AT_USER really? thats unfortunate because here it is thought to be quite good. tim hortons is low end and cheap . 
"AT_USER AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quie . 
"pizza hut in commerce isn't getting another dime from me. i'd rather starve" 
"i just ate a burger from burger king and it was good in the moment but now i feel gross" 
"AT_USER i remember once i was in a long queueAT_USER and no one was serving the customers..everyone was quite so i . 
"rt AT_USER this friday the 13th, remember: it's not the calendar's fault that life is a fucking horror show &amp; death is the only wa" 
"rt AT_USER i'd rather eat kfc with a man that has me howling than eat in a posh restaurant with a boring twat and that's a fact" 
"AT_USER you say embarrassed, i saw emboldened. lies only embolden fact checkers to continue checking. shes a pawn." 
"AT_USER makes sense, companies like mcdonalds and cumberland farms dominate low price coffee, so they're com . 
"i was a wreck last night and my best bitch showed up at my house with starbucks, flowers, and a card . 
"AT_USER just paid for an order in basingstoke town. man came in with kitchen knife, got arrested,we werent allowed back in and no order?" 
"actually disgusting how much ive ate today had maccies, a curry and now kfc" 
"rt AT_USER nah son this shit too funny . 
"AT_USER you underestimate the power of whataburger fries " 
"yo why does this mcdonalds bathroom have 2-inch thick stall doors... are we expecting gunfire in here?" 
"im crying . 
"AT_USER stop making me hungry for food i'm allergic too. i'm already sad that i can't eat your food!" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER can't go to starbucks with that money, starbuckscommunists would never agree to this" 
"ladies, do you hate babies and also hate traffic? share your story. . 
"rt AT_USER aye on some real shit i just had the worst panda express of my life" 
"rt AT_USER bitch you better be . 
"rt AT_USER i hate that kfc has a boneless banquet because it implies there is also a banquet of bones." 
"AT_USER dreaming of havn abs went subway. ended up having 1 &amp; half foot long. now suffering from similar movement restriction &amp; depression" 
"subway delivery got so shit" 
"you guys r freaks . 
"uglies capped on me for studying for like 3 hours at starbucks but bitch whomstdve is the one w a 97 in that class lmaostdve" 
"krispy kreme dont got no online ordering or sumn im not tryna be in a line for a donut" 
"payment cards stolen in pizza hut website hack . 
"this boy got the whole classroom smelling like panda express and i'm mad cause i want some" 
"AT_USER im in san francisco and i miss you . five more days and ill be reunited with a honey bbq chicken st . 
"alright. this is my first time trying the pumpkin spice latte (no whipped cream because fuck that) from starbucks. . 
"that day... we talked so much about pizza hut that i still have adds all over my feed, i blame marit" 
"rt AT_USER i don't trust any chipotle manager without sideburns." 
"why would a 5 nationally ranked mcdonalds aa go anywhere &amp; split mins? should have never committed to AT_USER . 
"i can't believe 4 years ago i was too timid to even call up hardees to make an order. i wonder where did that taibah go.." 
"let me meet you at starbucks and leave you star struck ;-) . 
"imagine thinking working at dairy queen for minimum... bro fhdjj i in no way boast about my job or boast i... . 
"rt AT_USER chipotle tonight from 5-9! 50% of all proceeds go to our breast cancer awareness drive! let's eat big tonight and help ki" 
"rt AT_USER still mourning the removal of taco bell from campus" 
"anyone that's around hacienda heights should drop off some starbucks to me " 
"this lady just called pizza hut and asked the specials then dropped the phone and said "oh. i just had a wreck. i'll call you back"" 
"expect when they forget the ketchup . 
"they so bomb omg . 
"the guy at starbucks called me by my name and if that doesnt show how often i come here, idk what else does" 
"rt AT_USER our latest is out. shining a halloween candle on $mcd and its eerie fundamentals . . 
"rt AT_USER a fact-checker gets shadow-banned on twitter, again. this is a worrying trend . via AT_USER 
"really missing south bends mandarin house. panda express isnt hitting the spot anymore" 
"popping off burger king employee gave me wrong order and fucking let me keep it and gave me the right order blessssssssssss" 
"AT_USER chipotle be fucking up sometimes man....fuck that shit" 
"rt AT_USER i have never eaten kfc and i wonder if i'm missing out... . 
"AT_USER next time you're out to defeat your hunger demons, follow us on twitter! quiznos" 
"rt second location, touts cheeky 'starbucks pumpkin spice latte' look-alike . . 
"2 people outside of starbucks in sf:"god, i wish this smoke would go away. it's really bothering me." im sure its bothering those in sr also" 
"if you correlate taco bell with diarrhea jokes you are not my fucking friend" 
"AT_USER AT_USER dead toilet.. i mean.. on taco bell night.." 
"see this is funny, no one broke anything, no one harmed anyone and no one disrespected a minimum wage cashier . 
"all the feels for this new anti-bullying ad from burger king during national bullying prevention month....... . 
"i would literally die . 
"uhhh mcdonalds isnt working today its broken sorry" 
"crime scene photo i left a wrapped taco bell taco on this chair! this is all that is left! suspect being question . 
"subway goes global to combat hunger on world sandwich day friday, nov. 3, 2017 . care nonprofit" 
"lol! its like a baby didnt get his bottle this morning! wwaaa! AT_USER is a coward! i dare you! . 
"i've lived in london for a month and a half and i haven't even gotten starbucks yet what's wrong with me" 
"rt AT_USER something wicked this way comes: mcdonalds a bear in a bull costume . money finance economi" 
"fast food, high pay? | chipotle downgraded by bank of america on labor costs concern fb . 
"fuck is this guy in goal for benfica, geezers like a jack-in-the-box " 
"pls no how did dan just ask for "mozzarella dicks" at burger king " 
"rt AT_USER a tale of two credit card breaches: pizza hut, hyatt expose customer data - ... that the fraudulent ... . 
"rt AT_USER there is nothing more satisfying than seeing racists get what racists deserve . 
"sdjksk wich one did you choose? my broke ass only can afford the subway of the day or "el buenazo" . 
"3 burger king spongebob squarepants toys! low shipping! ! lqqk! on ebay: . spongebob . 
"lunch stop. badcamp bound (at AT_USER in lost hills, ca) . 
"the reality that whataburger tastes so good but is really really bad for you is homophobic" 
"rt AT_USER never trust a man that walks into mcdonalds with a burger king bag. he'll fuck your sister, it's just science." 
"rt AT_USER lost my moes virginity, that shits way better than chipotle" 
"rt AT_USER im shitty. wendys discontinued spicy nuggets" 
"i don't think i've been this offended in a while. probably have to go back to the blatantly stereotypical white ca . 
"it wasnt until i was getting mad at starbucks for their bullshit flavors that i thought,am i the problem today, n . 
"rt AT_USER imagine just trying to do your job and this freak comes bouncing in like this, fuck that sauce, you need a few mcch " 
"i'm stuck at thomaston subway all alone :(" 
"rt AT_USER hey AT_USER i'm ordering AT_USER because 1 AT_USER sucks and costs too much, and cuz AT_USER is better... and cu" 
"AT_USER you have mcdonalds connection nah dude thats not for me" 
"rt AT_USER im pissed no invite smh . 
"how i solce my problems . 
"ordered popcorn chicken from kfc only to realize there is no ranch to dip it in" 
"i killed stomtroper at the kfc with a gun" 
"rt AT_USER ordered popcorn chicken from kfc only to realize there is no ranch to dip it in" 
"holy shit lol . 
"i choked . 
"drop me off some . 
"rt AT_USER i stopped eating at kentucky fried chemicals a long time ago . 
"AT_USER 2/ was an extended version of the ad. maybe a 60 second cut or something. then realized it was a burger ki . 
"rt AT_USER "why you always wasting money at starbucks" first of all, iced caramel macchiato" 
"i just walked into jimmy johns and the guy just looked up and said 4 with sprouts?......i have a problem" 
"i knew there was a reason why i hated you.... . 
"kinda miss working at subway cuz i'd make myself the bombest sandwiches ever " 
"sitting in subway looking crazy cuz twitter too funny." 
"i will do this before i die . 
"AT_USER i used to work there i used to hate when niggas be like can i get a small caramel frappe i be like . 
"rt AT_USER the AT_USER will formally have empty seats from now on AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER " 
"AT_USER i rode the shanghai airport maglev, fastest train in the world, but it dumps you in some random su . 
"AT_USER they're sponsored by chipotle? holy fuck" 
"rt AT_USER this is insulting to pizza everywhere. . 
"losing sleep because i drove out of the tim hortons drive thru without getting my change" 
"sitting at starbucks on my laptop, but left my mouse at home and the touchpad is broken. based mousekeys......... sigh" 
"panera bread sounds sooo bomb rn" 
"rt AT_USER you literally work at hm, and at 22 yr old spend majority on your day on twitter. clap back was pathetic just like " 
"lmaoooo. that shit is nowhere as good as qdobas . 
"AT_USER AT_USER hell no" 
"doctor's note for food poisoning? : chipotle . 
"rt AT_USER my coworker axed me why i've only had chipotle 3 times and i responded i'm mexican." 
"chipotle is at a key juncture that shows the worst could be over soon: strategist . 
"gets up to go visit krystal. immediately plops back in his chair, too shy to actually do it." 
"rt AT_USER only bad thing about the draft being in dallas is it'll make the lines at whataburger long as hell. i don't like waiti" 
"AT_USER i'm wearing a feathered headdress, dreadlock wig, grass skirt and i'll be carrying a taco bell bag wh . 
"just scored the unstoppable badge because i used on-the-go ordering in the new dunkin donuts app. wtfast" 
"jimmy john's - jimmy johns fire commercial . the heat stay tuned for details" 
"rt AT_USER imagine being a teenager in subway waiting to order ur food &amp; a customer pulls a gun on u bcus he &amp; his wife felt " " 
"rt AT_USER met her up at starbucks, or maybe that was coffee bean.. shit, i was starstruck" 
"subway gave me food poisoning yesterday,... - arika roberton schneider | facebook . 
"need to put myself on a mcdonalds ban because how often i have it is getting ridiculous now " 
"rt AT_USER starbucks isn't really that expensive compared to how much victoriassecret charges per cup" 
"rt AT_USER white guy and mulatto guy at dunkin donuts no subcons wtf is going on" 
"two little ways i do this: (1) listen to podcasts while walking to the express subway stop (2) block an hour at lun . 
"AT_USER i didn't get a chance to vote but i will never vote for chipotle" 
"i never thought you could misspell my name more than one way but the culc starbucks had proved me so wrong" 
"is there an option for both teams to lose? . 
"AT_USER AT_USER thats awful! i got sick just looking at that." 
"theres a shortage of chicken wings in the entire south africa . 
"all i can think about is my friend's troubles. (at AT_USER in smyrna, ga) . 
"AT_USER AT_USER hell ya" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER might as well damn politicalcorrect jurks dont want us have a cross or stuff of . 
"rt AT_USER if you're down in the dumps today please keep in mind on halloween chipotle has $3 burritos &amp; that alone is a reason to live" 
"burger king | bullying jr. . via AT_USER 
"i added a video to a AT_USER playlist . musical.ly and mcdonalds ruined rick and morty" 
"mcdonalds over chipotle any day -lena... i think the fuck not" 
"AT_USER the nasty momster depicted in your ad makes me want to go anywhere but arbys." 
"AT_USER im not allowed to sing it in starbucks though smh" 
"musical.ly and mcdonalds ruined rick and morty: . via AT_USER 
"my job is gonna get me hooked on starbucks again smh. -- let me alone becky!" 
"rt AT_USER expect when they forget the ketchup . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER i'm in luv since day 1 in the hazelnutmacchiato i would kill for this stuff " 
"fake news if ive ever seen it . 
"rt AT_USER lmaoooo. that shit is nowhere as good as qdobas . 
"why am i having thoughts of getting stabbed in a home depot subway" 
"rt AT_USER culvers isnt even that good first of all. back the fuck up." 
"AT_USER my ultimate dilemma, are three tenders going to be enough . 
"someone dead ass said they prefer burger king coffee over starbucks and i have no faith left in humanity" 
"AT_USER thats you being stuck in btwn the doors of mcdonalds one day" 
"brentwood jack in the box playing the unedited version of wild thoughts.... i have no complaints but . 
"a young man got really pissed off at me because i didn't know where kfc was. that boy must love him some kfc!!" 
"i wanna go to starbucks so bad &amp; i would think about that soon as i get back in the house " 
"rt AT_USER been trying to tell y'all that at one point x-men ran this comics shit. this was before the films. . 
"endorse. have never understood why starbucks would stop brewing decaf at all. . 
"rt AT_USER chipotle is at a key juncture that shows the worst could be over soon: strategist . 
"AT_USER i hope so bad that we dont nuke nk,or iran etc,spare the land,a few mcdonalds and walmarts and boom,east a . 
"traffic crash: "402 e market st; dairy queen" jc 1045 16:11 . 
"fuck yes subway" 
"rt AT_USER fuck mcdonalds . 
"only in grahamstown where you get to the till at *kfc* and the cashier says: " sorry we don't have chicken" then what do you have???" 
"AT_USER got a white castle right down the block from me, just sayin" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER i didn't get a chance to vote but i will never vote for chipotle" 
"the outrage of rick &amp; morty fans creates demand for mcdonald's szechuan sauce. . 
"AT_USER and where in the hell is chick-fil-a in d.c.???? i'm struggling over here " 
"rt AT_USER on the subway today as i recited the pledge of allegiance an offended leftist nyer silenced me claiming "you're blo " 
"rt AT_USER just because ur ass whack and pussy smell like a mcdonalds fish filet doesnt mean u get to call my friends sluts i will" 
"i haven't seen a lower blow in the late night wars since leno came to pick conans pockets . 
"rt AT_USER big dick chima - mcdonaldsAT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER something wicked this way comes: mcdonalds a bear in a bull costume: . by AT_USER " 
"AT_USER i'm worried for advertisers- but yes very especially if the sign was placed next to a mcdonalds that would be worse " 
"shout out to chipotle for blasting the james bond theme as i eat my salad. really helped me through this stupid diet" 
"people are evil . 
"our military at risk for their lives, blm and anti americans want to dictate policy to us. screw the nfl and there . 
"AT_USER stl has good ideas and it has bad ideas and then it uses bread co instead of panera" 
"shock horror my local AT_USER ice cream machine isn't working!! notshocked" 
"AT_USER some folks settle their disputes on twitter. others settle it in the lobby of kfc at 10:30pm on a tuesday." 
"to the guy on the subway cleaning his ears with the end of his sunglasses, could you not? thanks. sincerely, everybody else on this train" 
"AT_USER starbucks doesn't anime enough lol" 
"rt AT_USER every damn customer that goes to chipotle nd we be getting in trouble for them too . 
"rt AT_USER me: ur total is 3$ customer: im not paying fuckin 3$ for a cup of coffee me: then dont come to starbucks broke ass u know we" 
"cnbc chipotle is at a key juncture that shows the worst could be over soon: strategist . 
"AT_USER AT_USER shut up idiot" 
"but seriously !!!! . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER some folks settle their disputes on twitter. others settle it in the lobby of kfc at 10:30pm on a tuesday." 
"i was smoking weed behind my subway once &amp; when i came back in the entire store absolutely reeked of grade-a marijuana" 
"i can smell a AT_USER a mile away. and thats not a good thing" 
"AT_USER for real tho t just makes me sweat for no reason and all those times i've sat next to some dude on the su . 
"had AT_USER for the first time in a while. it. taste worse than before what ya put in yall food? myemojiyellowcausenigsracist" 
"rt AT_USER the new burger king spicy nuggets are the motherfuckin bomb, buddy" 
"tastes like something from the darkside ..literally the worst coffee ive ever had!! AT_USER . 
"AT_USER hell, oprah aint bout to be mad at me. but while you out, stop at krispy kreme &amp; get me a dozen chocolate glazed doughnuts." 
"AT_USER cus you hate kfc" 
"i chose the wrong seat at starbucks to grade papers: i sat next to the one guy who needs to call every contact on his phone for work." 
"rt AT_USER de'aaron fox has a message for everyone in california: in-n-out burger is terrible . . 
"'to council has given green light to multi-billion dollar subway projects with less data than theyve demanded to j . 
"rt AT_USER 1.) it's kinesiology. 2.) i worked at mcdonalds and subway, i wasn't privileged enough not to work. 3.) please stop! https" 
"rt AT_USER you a nasty mediocre bitch if you really think the psl from starbucks is good " 
"AT_USER AT_USER i hope im wrong " 
"AT_USER // pay no mind to boa, they don't know the subtleties of "chipotle" marketing. boa says you pay too much to . 
"i verily have a weakness for taco bell" 
"rt AT_USER i only get venti drinks from starbucks because saying the word grande gives me anxiety cuz i dont know if im saying" 
"AT_USER AT_USER for you, you killing shelby and for ross, the king of mcdonalds" 
"some man and woman just go in a fist fight at a starbucks in dc...this is not what i came for" 
"jimmy johns 9 hot peppers no tomato" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER or go into a church &amp; shoot up bible side study &amp; get taken to burger king for l . 
"yooooo i fuck with arbys for this . 
"glanced over at AT_USER in burger king and he was looking at a katy perry witness email i am screaming he never rests" 
"rt AT_USER me: i want to lose weight me: i want skinny legs me: i want a flat stomach me: i want to be thin me: *eats mcdonalds*" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER im praying too lol, but we have no qb! lets be honest." 
"rt AT_USER "i was just walking along the subway platform, and it scurried by!" "a human?" the first rat nods. "so gross i still hav" 
""you need to stop going to chipotle twice a week" first of all, mom, i go four times a week." 
"having a starbucks barista have a crush on you is straight next level shit. i fw it" 
"to the little caesars employee about to count my 6 bucks in quarters: i'm sorry for being a horrible person" 
"AT_USER AT_USER this didn't turn out well for you last time" 
"AT_USER dude dont speak about pizza hut out in the open my mrs will murder if she finds out " 
"AT_USER AT_USER delete this god awful content" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER hell, oprah aint bout to be mad at me. but while you out, stop at krispy kreme &amp; get me a dozen chocola" 
"AT_USER AT_USER unfortunately i didn't have time! was on my way to school and had to teach classes on a very queasy tummy! " 
"but its not even a good burrito. chipotle . 
"i miss whataburger, someone send me a honey butter chicken strip sandwich on texas toast !" 
"i made steamed vegetables, chipotle chicken, shells n cheese&amp; broccoli cheese rice. and i couldn't be happier or fu . 
"a football player in my class got up an hour into lecture, disappeared for 30 minutes and came back with a full meal from panda express" 
"rt AT_USER see this is funny, no one broke anything, no one harmed anyone and no one disrespected a minimum wage cashier . 
"rt AT_USER .AT_USER how many rt for nugget please my family is starving" 
"rt AT_USER 'to council has given green light to multi-billion dollar subway projects with less data than theyve demanded to j " 
"this trainee at del taco is getting yelled at for seeping good. like wtf is wrong with fast food management." 
"this shit look fun asf . 
"seriously regretting not getting chipotle on my way home" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER join boycott . against gop trump donors who steal our fr . 
"dead asf in here chipotle is the best though" 
"AT_USER AT_USER lmfaoooo aint that some shit tho!!!!" 
"do not order AT_USER steak &amp; egg tomatillo the middles still frozen &amp; will make u sick. my gold card wont be buyin breakfast there again" 
"rt AT_USER this is for the skinny mothafuckas who call themselves fat or say "i feel so fat" after eatin mcdonalds every day. no bitch" 
"no holdings, just reporting the news. starbucks corporation (sbux) price at close, october 18, 2017, is 55.21." 
"whoa! AT_USER the AT_USER isn't also playing AT_USER is it? . 
"AT_USER the one thing i dont miss about my job at starbucks." 
"a burger king anti-bullying campaign just made me low key cry at work. that is all." 
"trying to do homework at starbucks but all these damn kids are so loud" 
"rt AT_USER fuck an ihop where the chipotle at . 
"in canada going to tim hortons on the way to a friend's house and not texting them first to ask if they'd like anything is punishable by law" 
"will chipotle's q3 be as bad as its queso? . . 
"boston market slander will no longer use cuz im a new man now yal wtf" 
"man, jehovah witnesses have gotten mad lazy, they don't even walk door to door anymore, they bum rush you in the parking lots of starbucks!" 
"as a starbucks worker id like to inform you we aint doing shit but finessin them . 
"wendys or mcdonalds sounds bomb rn on da gang ):" 
"port of subs wayyy better than subway no doubt" 
"rt AT_USER never forget AT_USER thought he was tweeting the chipotle restaurant chain &amp; this is what happened . 
"AT_USER AT_USER your vote doesnt matter mitch. sorry to break it to ya bud." 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER hahaha we have hardee's and burger king just across the street and we get bomb ass food trucks too" 
"AT_USER looks can be deceiving, but when this fat fuck if heading to kfc, i'll bet he can out run usain bolt." 
"AT_USER you turn off flash cbs ain't south avenue th? whataburger alpha lone . 
"rt AT_USER getting your titties suck on as you eat a oreo shake from jack in the box really sounds very sensual and seductive. vv se" 
"your boy mac can put down three double downs, no problem. . 
"damn my doctor said to stop eating chipotle" 
"rt AT_USER damn the line at panda express is longer than my dick" 
"what i tell myself every pay day . 
"asmr eating panera bread | eating sounds | no talking: . via AT_USER 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER i used to work there i used to hate when niggas be like can i get a small caramel frappe i be like " 
"subway really just smoked my ass . 
"stay in this class and listen to this asian man try to teach in english or leave and go to starbucks ...decisions" 
"rt AT_USER they dont want me to tell you but at every mcdonalds across from the playplace theres a place 4 adults just filled with ma" 
"AT_USER they stop brewing decaf? i've been drinking starbucks for 23yrs &amp; i did not know! (never ordered decaf.)" 
"AT_USER AT_USER theres no fastrip by me, starbucks is literally across the street from my porch its dead and over with" 
"customers complain about delayed data breach response from pizza hut - cbs los angeles cbs los angeles customers . 
"he's lost his marbles. AT_USER doesn't need the donuts, and may need the staffers. he's got it all backass . 
"very alarming story from AT_USER on how AT_USER and AT_USER supplier simmonsfoods is using slave labor in oklahoma . 
"AT_USER they don't advertise it so i will never allow subway or myself to toast a sandwich" 
"this doesn't look like a full large coke to me AT_USER wtf guys? :c . 
"rt AT_USER you guys r freaks . 
"rt AT_USER your boy mac can put down three double downs, no problem. . 
"AT_USER sorry to hear! send us a note at . -james" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER is too busy hitting up AT_USER about plans for saturday to be bothered with us." 
"new video just went up!! asmr eating panera bread | eating sounds | no talking . panera asmr notalking eatingshow" 
"i hate working at chipotle i wanna quit" 
"secmash: customers complain about delayed data breach response from pizza hut - cbs los angeles cbs los angeles . 
"rt AT_USER port of subs wayyy better than subway no doubt" 
"rt AT_USER i would let chipotle tabasco eat my ass" 
"and get a starbucks on the way. they literally make videos diving at makeup stores or apple store or shit like that . 
"rt AT_USER like yes u owe me &amp; i want starbucks but i dont want ur gf to kill me???? . 
"rt AT_USER a krispy kreme doughnut was to blame for a white substance that led to an orlando man being jailed on drug charges. http" 
"AT_USER AT_USER bc i didn't like today's menu (actually everyday's menu) at my job's cafeteria and subwa . 
"the girls at my school forever losing shit. i found a monthly metrocard, starbucks card, and an iphone charger with the extra length" 
"AT_USER AT_USER burger king is my bias" 
"rt AT_USER you ever look at someone and just wonder what their drunk taco bell order is." 
"rt AT_USER starbucks iced coffee really trash idk how yall drink it" 
"super disappointing that the one or two times i visit AT_USER a year they always get my order wrong. i asked for . 
"so like maybe if the fucked up thing about you is that, nudge-nudge jokes about subway and "sexy infants" is not the way to go" 
"rt AT_USER people are evil . 
"rt AT_USER panera bread sounds sooo bomb rn" 
"working at tim hortons has ruined it for me forever,, i can never look at a timbit the same way again" 
"rt AT_USER subway really just smoked my ass . 
"all the employees at panda express are screaming at each other and i'm uncomfortable" 
"was the bag of taco bell that i hid in a starbucks bag to hide my shame even worth it" 
"AT_USER i just ate at taco bell and my belly hurts im sitting here thinking about what u said on air last week about your last visit..." 
"AT_USER no fork, no salt, no tissues, and they closed at 9pm. not very good service kfc " 
"utterly depressing . 
"when your screen broke . 
"AT_USER that's troubling to hear. please contact . so we can investigate. -james" 
"AT_USER khabib vs mac. double elimination, double trouble kfc double down gorging showdown." 
"bunkeredonline : the week in social: pat perez' brutal honesty about lifestyle &amp; hatton demolishes a burger king a . 
"new post: chipotle is at a key juncture that shows the worst could be over soon: strategist . 
"take that bitch to kfc and she'll be happy" 
"the first and foremost thing i miss about living in belfast is having a starbucks at the end of my road" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER brands like chick-fil-a &amp; mtv cater to specific markets and die out quickly w . 
"rt AT_USER scary future shit: state mandated respect for women unskippable ads with different times based on race microwaveable fr" 
"hot driver thru server at panda express again. words fail me." 
"AT_USER no clue i gave up understanding taco bell outside of them being ridiculous" 
"where do we begin now that you're back from the dead teamgrizzle weirdo (@ little caesars arena - AT_USER . 
"idk how people can even eat kfc i get sick everytime i eat that garbage" 
"rt AT_USER two little ways i do this: (1) listen to podcasts while walking to the express subway stop (2) block an hour at lun " 
"picture this: you starting a twitter war with me &amp; jimmy johns because i ate lunch without you one day when you wer . 
"stealth fintech dominos pizza disappoints by not sizzling even more. the fr AT_USER . . 
"rt AT_USER this sobering read is required reading. especially for appellatetwitter. . 
"rt AT_USER one time i was crying in front of the cashier at starbucks bc everyone was bullying me and he hugged me and gave me free cookies" 
"thank you for not being taylor. i'm not ready to be broke just yet . 
"AT_USER not the price, the food. i actually miss being able to have halal mcdonalds thats all" 
"nigga wtf is that ? . 
"i decided to eat this big ass chipotle burrito before this meeting and now im in this tight ass skirt dying. send help." 
"i need the starbucks website to have maps of their stores showing where all the outlets are bc im so bad at finding them" 
"subway is not a diet program. AT_USER working very hard to make everyone forget that guy who did in fact use it as a diet program." 
"AT_USER whataburger isn't that good. it's 3am drunk food and food for fat old white people." 
"niggas get guac at chipotle n start actin different " 
"craving chipotle so bad rn" 
"sorry AT_USER but arby's is in town and they're serving venison on saturday! you got anything going on saturday?" 
"i usually wouldn't question our friendship, but...taco bell?! dafuq . 
"really starbucks? why i ask for no ice! $5.00 ice c'mon so disappointed! AT_USER . 
"AT_USER poor starved donnie donthecon, there goes his weekly kfc and mcdonald's budget ...." 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER for not giving free shit?" 
"quite right...but if angry about this might be worth not raving about the cynical $$$ making vegan moves of ben . 
"cnbc "chipotle is at a key juncture that shows the worst could be over soon: strategist" . 
"mta isnt bad at all. you try london or paris subway. some peeps still think anything european is good. but hey, i am asian, what do i know." 
"ill need to fast for a whole day afterwards, but yall, the chorizo burger from whataburger is the goddamn truth." 
"rt AT_USER ben mcadoo looks like a father who embarrasses his family by annunciating the "j" in 'chicken fajita' when ordering " 
"chillleeeee i am tired of you . 
"how the hell does starbucks not have lemons..." 
"why isnt there a starbucks delivery service for when i have a sick baby and cant leave the house but im also desperate for coffee" 
"eating AT_USER and this one has left this alone the entire meal! . 
"trickier with scotus, but factual errors in an opinion are grounds for rehearing - don't let shaky facts lie . 
"why are the starbucks steak and egg wraps so bad, but their breakfast sandwiches are so good?" 
"panda express out here lying . 
"jeffrey, simon or charlie?! what is the robots name for crying out loud?! worse than starbucks getting names confused! theapprentice" 
"rt AT_USER delayed delivery? pizza hut waits two weeks to disclose payment card data breach . via " 
"rt AT_USER don't listen to that garbage music bruh it has the same effect on your body/mind as eating mcdonalds your life is 1 big bad di" 
"jack in the box iced coffee is so bomb" 
"i need food. damn near feel like im about to pass out someone grab me chipotle ill pay for it pleaseeee" 
"AT_USER really sorry to hear this, monica. you can contact us at this link . and we can address the issue." 
"a frat guy was upset at chick-fil-a bc his order wasnt ready... boo hoo thats probably the hardest thing hes dealt with in his white life" 
"rt AT_USER a frat guy was upset at chick-fil-a bc his order wasnt ready... boo hoo thats probably the hardest thing hes dealt wit" 
"the girl to interviewed me in mcdonalds was so fucking rude" 
"rt AT_USER you niggas don't know the proper verbiage and or how to order properly at starbucks? you niggas ordering "mediums" " 
"since when did mcdonalds get rid of their dollar menu? i'm pissed" 
"went to mcdonalds and the frappe machine was broke smh" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER fuck i fucked this tweet up it should've been about taco bell fuck" 
"being in greek life is just having more reasons to go to moes and chipotle without it being because youre a loser with no self control" 
"bitch what the fuck i went to fire grill which is like the arab version of chipotle and there was this guy who look . 
"suck a dick if you're in the starbucks drive thru ordering 7 drinks" 
"i just purged taco bell nachos and hummus and tortilla chips fuck" 
"rt AT_USER i cant believe i have only just discovered that the AT_USER shop has krispy kreme doughnuts, this is dangerous im a krispy" 
"no such thing as too much chipotle" 
"went to get coffee in the break room and the coffee machine was broken. so now i'm going to drive to get a scalding . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER damn i'm jealous i wanna go so bad" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet ab . 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet ab . 
"rt AT_USER dont forget to come out to chick-fil-a on hwy 127 tonight from 5-8 to support our coaches vs. cancer fundraiser! o " 
"my dad at starbucks: i cant even pronounce half these damn names. why the fuck cant it just be small medium and large?? ho same" 
".AT_USER fam, i miss y'all so much " 
"hell yeah, i do. i may still have that tape somewhere. . 
"we all know this post is about chipotle smh because they so stingy . 
"business: will chipotle's q3 be as bad as its queso? - motley fool . 
"rt AT_USER its tooo early for drama and already this girl hurt cause i was joking around talking about her not having starbuc " 
"rt AT_USER i just accidentally told the guy at starbucks i love you too i hate myself." 
"AT_USER gun to your head: eat a burger from arbys or a burger from burger king." 
"im here and there was no line ugh my local starbucks is so powerful ! . 
"bruh yall love whataburger so damn much. i worked there last year and it was the worst time of my life. so i hate whataburger. overhyped" 
"you gonna shit in yourself . 
"no one wants to eat subway, they're forced" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about wh . 
"men stop wearing so much cologne if you take the fucking subway!" 
"channing tatum, starbucks, and american horror story are all lined up for your pop culture update in 5 minutes . 
"AT_USER how bought y'all bring the spicy nuggets back and stop playing . 
"just almost swallowed a dead bee in my AT_USER coffee. not lovin it. need some recommendations for coffee that doesnt have bees in it." 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet abou . 
"okay but what were not gonna do is ignore the fact that the chicken strip is way to small . 
"listening to AT_USER 's see you again in the subway is not a good idea if you don't want to cry in public, believe me" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet ab . 
"i hate tim hortons with all my soul... thats exactly what i get for betraying starbucks" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet abou . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER i've worked hard went to college on my own dime.. no one helped m . 
"AT_USER grace, i've never had lower energy. i'm full but can barely stand. i'm ruining a kfc as soon as this is over." 
"AT_USER AT_USER who cares about this stupid game, theres a bigger one in south bend beatsc" 
"i'd never publicly yell at the store manager, but when there's no chipotle salsa this becomes a matter of life or d . 
"come get served by your very own blue devil athletes at pizza hut from 4-8!! . 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about . 
"when subway wanna act all stingy wit their fillings . 
"for comparison: last month a dude shot up the mcdonalds on haight. no helicopter." 
"rt AT_USER taco bell with an open alcohol license going into the old wendys on state street.... could be dangerous . 
"rt AT_USER the first night my sisters boyfriend met me i bought a shit ton of burger king and ate it on his bedroom floor" 
"small brain: getting stabbed over mcdonalds szechuan sauce universe brain: getting stabbed over idol concert calls" 
"drea just called me and asked if i want subway. bitch you know damn well i just got my wisdom teeth pulled out " 
"look, AT_USER you hired jared. you have no room to be so mouthy. settle down. . 
"man i knew AT_USER and dog hostility came from somewhere. AT_USER keeps it real. mero sounds like oc moms ou . 
"AT_USER AT_USER wowww youre a hater " 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about . 
"AT_USER everything in this bag and the cup is wrong just wanted a coke and a burger and i got horrible services . 
"should have gone to starbucks first vanilla bean frappe sounds bomb right about now too" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about . 
"krystals raging at wee girls cause they voted my pumpkin was better pmsl" 
"rt AT_USER lisa breaks her kindle by downloading too many books. matthew gets off at the wrong subway station &amp; is missing for 3 days" 
"rt AT_USER individuals helping to rescue cars and people feared to be trapped under a fallen tree in front of kfc, east legon. " 
"me: can we go get manjuu rin: no umi my moms got mcdonalds at home me: *wipes tears* i hate this fucking idol group" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet abo . 
"AT_USER my mom has brought it up a few times but backed out earlier this morning because she doesn't want to . 
"i'm so tired of starbucks being out of their pumpkin bread!!!!!" 
"AT_USER AT_USER yep! i already boycott boots, virgin, sky, amazon,next,starbucks &amp; every tax avoidi . 
"that sounds bomb and exactly what i'm about to do after this casting . 
"advice to my younger self: hey, maybe dont eat taco bell every night. idk just a thought." 
"lucy has never had a kfc or a curry, im so confused how a londoner has missed out on these life experiences" 
"huss eats chipotle 4x a week that shit ass" 
"i was bout to be like i hate life then i remembered that im going to chipotle later" 
"rt AT_USER get it loser, were going to starbucks AT_USER (my milkshake song on) . 
"AT_USER bish i love animals but ill be damed if i have to give up wendys" 
"rt AT_USER me: can we go get manjuu rin: no umi my moms got mcdonalds at home me: *wipes tears* i hate this fucking idol group" 
"wonder what got him going? golf withdrawal? story about his disdain for fallen soldier's pregnant wife? . 
"why is chipotle so bomb" 
"AT_USER starbucks spelled your name wrong queen " 
"rt AT_USER these people are just trying to get to scarborough town center leave them alone . 
"i just tried to make some cookies and they were trash. fuck baking cookies.. ima just get them hoes from subway " 
"savages . 
"AT_USER yall really thought you could make some knock off chick fil a sauce and no one notice.. smh . 
"stopped AT_USER streaming in 20 min!" 
"there's nothing like getting your foot trapped in the subway doors and panicking as it slowly crushes your foot..." 
"hi AT_USER mcdelivery mcdonalds see the picture and you tell me what's wrong and then contact straight away! . 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet abo . 
"when i die, sprinkle my ashes in egypt, hawaii, and in the shrubbery lining a chick-fil-a drive thru. these are my non-negotiables." 
"this fool rolled into panda express and sampled everything on the menu then dipped off " 
"fighting the urge to curl up and nap once we are back home... @ dunkin donuts . 
"my names dakota, and im addicted to AT_USER cookies. hi, dakota ive been clean for oh hell i just ate another one" 
"lets all boycott papa johns pizza" 
"you gon still buy those subs, or nah? . 
"if anyone uses their flex for papa johns just know youre the problem too . 
"when you order and pay for a large fry but AT_USER knows youre on a diet....... smh . 
"ahh!! thank you! this one was bc i was observing people on the subway and thinking abt how we all had evil capabili . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER yep! i already boycott boots, virgin, sky, amazon,next,starbucks &amp; every tax avoidi " 
"rt AT_USER you gonna shit in yourself . 
"i was praying starbucks didn't have lemon pound cakes so my fat ass wouldn't get it but they did" 
"i go to starbucks twice a day and i may have a problem. " 
"papa johns is dead to me. pizza will be bought elsewhere!!" 
"AT_USER AT_USER i refuse to eat papa johns ever and i am good with that cause it sucks. get his name off our stadium!" 
"ion give a fuck if u gotta pick up ya kids nigga gottttuh fuckin wendys duke" 
"fuck you uofl , postel and bot. i sincerely hope you burn in hell. will never eat another papa johns pizza" 
"AT_USER more americans died of poor diet/lack of exercise than vietnam but no one's trying to ban burger king" 
"business will chipotle's q3 be as bad as its queso? - motley fool . 
"domino's pizza shop sex couple spared jail: is it really that bad ? . . 
"AT_USER pizza hut used to be the goat then they got all greasy sending cold pizza and shit i gotta say papa johns a1" 
"plaintiff withdraws proposed class-action lawsuit against krispy kreme over claimed misleading nutritional labels. . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER you're making outrageous claims like people with only $5 to their name can get fat on kfc en masse" 
"rt AT_USER this is sad as fuck . 
"will no longer eat papa johns . 
"rt AT_USER guys the spicy nuggets from burger king are bomb" 
"AT_USER eat subway, feel fear for the second time" 
"AT_USER AT_USER whataburger sucks" 
"rt AT_USER anyone else bothered that 2017 is almost over and this did not happen yet? . 
"AT_USER ummm incorrect , pizza hut is good just not better than dominos. pizza hut crust bout oily and nasty as shit dude." 
"rt AT_USER customers complain about delayed data breach response from pizza hut - cbs los angeles: . cybersec" 
"rt AT_USER customers complain about delayed data breach response from pizza hut - cbs los angeles . cbs los angele" 
"rt AT_USER you gon still buy those subs, or nah? . 
"boycott papa johns" 
"rt AT_USER paint the town green with being sick ! it's out of date june 2017 . 
"rt AT_USER taco bell probably wouldn't taste as good without the tears." 
"quick news inform ur families now anyone using east legon shd avoid using the kfc road. a huge . 
"rt AT_USER i'm calling the ambalamps on u bro u sound sick . 
"AT_USER AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize m . 
"i am sad and angry that papa john voted to terminate jurich. this will make it very awkward when i order papa johns later to comfort myself." 
"today barb has eaten 5 king size rice krispie treats, 1 bag of pork rinds, 1 jimmy johns cookie and 4 bottles of dr pepper. skinny bitch" 
"AT_USER boycott papa johns" 
"dunkin coffee is way better than starbucks wtf this sucks" 
"is arbys really going to serve venison sandwiches? AT_USER finds this frightening. . 
"AT_USER that's what you get you let the patients run the asylum.. stupid move uofl i'll never buy another . 
"way to embarrass your brand, as this is the face of your company. theres clearly no standards/training to qualify for management. AT_USER 
"my dog worked at taco bell, hooked us up plural got fired a week later, the manager count the churros" 
""you should really stop spending money on food" first of all, taco bell saves lives" 
"rt AT_USER lmfao how is shit not viral. wingstop and wendy's having a rap battle . 
"kfc is so disgusting i cant believe its used to be my favorite fast food place" 
"papa murphy's, domino's, hell frozen gas station pizza, anything but papa johns. boycott pj. papajohnssucks l1c4" 
"rt AT_USER will no longer eat papa johns . 
"AT_USER lmaoooo mans needs a 1987 world atlas to get to starbucks in times square n get scared bc theres a homeless man outside" 
"if you still eat mcdonalds you're not to be trusted" 
"rt AT_USER if you can't laugh at yourself you're not going to last very long on planet earth @ starbucks . 
"AT_USER AT_USER i can't believe you won't condone this disastrous behavior" 
"well, i dont want to pay for the scarborough subway or the gardiner rebuild, (or mammos salary) but here we are. topoli" 
"rt AT_USER my dog worked at taco bell, hooked us up plural got fired a week later, the manager count the churros" 
"theres a girl crying leaving on a ferrari in this starbucks parking lot and ya know i think id be okay with that lifestyle" 
"AT_USER "yeah, but a white mcdonalds employee with dreadlocks in santa clara just claimed to be both 'trans-racial' and a time-traveler!"" 
"you lost your damn mind with in and out &amp; zaxbys . 
"feeling like shit as i'm eating this burger i got from jack in the box last night" 
"whenever i see a child taking the subway alone i say a prayer for them to get home safely." 
"what the deal with the AT_USER app? trying to sign in for days - keep getting error saying system not available needtoreload" 
"leave taco bell and cocaine back in 2015" 
"this is so rude najwah youdont know what im going through toght now i hate you since when is pain and suffering amu . 
"rt AT_USER i was eating pizza from dominos and i remebered nae's 3 month pizza ban and i laughed to myself . 
"AT_USER my order always gets messed up . 
"lol my dumbass dropped my id at starbucks on monday almost went to replace it instead of calling" 
"rt AT_USER starbucks after class? i think i deserve it and youre going to pay for it payment methods in bio. paypig findom " 
"lol i seriously just finished a whole chipotle burrito. i hate myself." 
"4 little boys just walked into starbucks talking about 40 bucks they have im crying" 
"i dont know if ive ever said on here but im literally addicted!!!! to green tea lattes from starbucks it is... so bad" 
"myza: bail granted to pretoria kfc assault accused . bail granted to pretoria kfc a" 
"AT_USER i drank one cup when i was 19 or so, and one sip of some fancy starbucks one. never missed it. ^^ honest . 
"AT_USER AT_USER first time i ever got drunk drunk was off burnetts i threw up panda express in someone's sink" 
"the kids who buy some bud for 20 a gram are the same kids that actually pay for dipping sauce at mcdonalds" 
"and lock up your shoes during your shift or a sketchy mcds coworker will steal them &amp; you have to wear greasy work . 
"i don't even like taco bell but they done did sumn with this crispy chicken quesadilla" 
"went 2 AT_USER for lunch &amp; my fries were all hard and burnt wtf???? mad#mylunchisruined . 
"AT_USER baby a hair cut is not boston market what is going on here" 
"getting a pizza hut tomorrow and am buzzin out my tits" 
"AT_USER AT_USER sorry, angela! gotta go with penn state :)" 
"how do i tell this lady that i came into starbucks to avoid children, not for her to drop 3 screaming toddlers at the table right next to me" 
"AT_USER AT_USER bitch leg look like a drum stick from kfc" 
"hoe in taco bell almost made me run her head cross that counter for this weak ass tea and gon grt smart" 
"shit . 
"i vote to never spend another dollar at papa johns. fuck john schnatter !!!! tomjurich louisville" 
"do i want to make tuna noodle casserole for dinner tonight or stop at taco bell on my way home? " 
"rt AT_USER niggas sleep on burger king wayy too much . 
"camila brought me chick-fil-a because i was starving and sad. shes literally the best person ever AT_USER 
"damn starbucks cups... . 
"got fucked up and started crying in the taco bell drive through because i was given a free slushee." 
"why reduce taxes when everything is going up in price even whataburger. this will only lead to a crappy city . 
"wendys alwaysssssss has shit customer service" 
"AT_USER but your funky meat precooked not fresh like AT_USER 
"fuck i got stuck at he entrance to taco bell " 
"panda express career day do people seriously consider restaurant work to be a career? same thing for retail" 
"making fun about an eating disorder is disgusting. . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER .AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER im sorry, what? . 
"i mean whats wrong with wanting to pig out a little bit and have a cheat day,week,or month. fat or not she still l . 
"if i carry on eating kfc and chinese the way i am, il just gunnah end up a pure fatty again, fat bitch ed" 
"AT_USER puhlease, trump supporters' boycotts never work, there aren't enough people! lmao ! remember boycott . 
"AT_USER AT_USER fuck off kevin you don't give a fuck about football" 
"sitting outside the union is torture when youre hungry, all i can smell is chick-fil-a" 
"aloha! lunch on the hot bar: cilantro chipotle lime chicken gardein mock chicken fajitas organic applegate... . 
"rt AT_USER .AT_USER opens second location, touts cheeky 'starbucks pumpkin spice latte' look-alike " 
"do you want me to pick you up some chipotle? first of all, thats a dumb question cause i would never say no" 
"rt AT_USER no more AT_USER boycotwendys nomorewendys cudasauce AT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER real shit . 
"i miss dairy queen and home" 
"ya buggin. waffle house mad good . 
"who have pizza with dipping sauce? have you never ordered dominos before smh gbbo" 
"hell is yall going through AT_USER . 
"literally more ice than coffee, not impressed AT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER uk subway bomb: jihad terror as ied found on train fails to explode - more attacks expected - geller report . 
"i brought my starbucks coffee to another coffee shop to study. i'm that douchebag today" 
"do ppl not realize they get fkd in their btt??? no they form a line and shout i want i want i want . via AT_USER 
"AT_USER chipotle problems" 
"is it just me or does subway cut an 6 inch uneven and give u the smaller half" 
"no but really tho . 
"AT_USER dunkin donuts sausage cresent is fire" 
"alex went to nandos the other day i got so offended like wtf is wrong with kfc ? never been to nandos and never will helltotheno" 
"the chorizo burger and taquito at AT_USER are fire. as expected" 
"lmk why i literally hate chipotle but i have it every single time i hang out with stef" 
"AT_USER did you know AT_USER is a brain dead faggot humping dick bishop? he drives a kia soul and only drinks starbucks?" 
"rt AT_USER this is so rude najwah youdont know what im going through toght now i hate you since when is pain and suffering amu " 
"a fair warning: AT_USER is opening *tentatively* december 8th at the new AT_USER in fall river. i will be . 
"i'm so disappointed AT_USER gave me raw potatoes instead of fries " 
"i don't want to work at chick-fil-a anymore" 
"1 reason why i hated working at chipotle . 
"gotta run up like venti aqui bitch . 
"find it very rude that chipotle won't take dining dollars but whatever i don't care i'm over it" 
"AT_USER AT_USER it's okay to be wrong. chipotle queso is " 
"oh fuck and now john mayer this del taco is lit" 
"chicken sandwiches are the same where you go. and waffle fries trash as fuck. . 
"AT_USER i have not eaten papa johns since this crap had started and will not ever again" 
"we take the hamburger business more seriously than anyone else. -mcdonalds founder" 
"rt AT_USER this burger king ad on bullying made me tear up b/c on tues i saw my 7yo stand up for two girls in class . 
"i like my cold brew from dunkin donuts black cause idk maybe i'm a masochist" 
"AT_USER most people who work at mcdonalds do not want to work for them. i live in a black and hispanic neighborhood." 
"AT_USER AT_USER sorry about this, where is this machine located? - charlee" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER gibbys moms home cooking in-n-out whataburger my dogs dog shit eating ass mcdonalds" 
"AT_USER AT_USER because he implied i'm wrong for thinking krispy kreme is bad? thank you for your support" 
"battle it out for this concept: sauced up commercial with AT_USER . AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER chicken sandwiches are the same where you go. and waffle fries trash as fuck. . 
"it feels like im cut off from the world when im at starbucks for 4+ hours but then i remember everything is horrible again when i leave" 
"AT_USER i mean seriously if there isnt a drinking game where you watch a kfc russo shoot and take a drink eve . 
"dudes be like damn girl, i got that ass wet first of all, thats taco bell" 
"but i don't have friends to go eat with * . 
"are they also hiding a starbucks at flagler college?! sick of these secrets!" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER that was the wrong answer george" 
"them golf bad for you like food from mcdonalds" 
"rt AT_USER huss eats chipotle 4x a week that shit ass" 
"no subway**..." 
"if youve never had the sofritas from AT_USER youre missing out " 
"rt AT_USER dont forget today is the fundraiser ! 50% of the proceeds will be donated to senior class 2018 . 
"rt AT_USER did twitter actually give this idiot 280 characters so he could chirp me and mcdonalds employees all in one tweet? " 
"me at starbucks: hi can i get some dumb fucking complicated drink that probably tastes like shit?" 
"i hate these chicken strips from wendys ." 
"just need a some starbucks and AT_USER will hang with me. check out these sick colorways, my guy! gotta get those brooks." 
"rt AT_USER small brain: getting stabbed over mcdonalds szechuan sauce universe brain: getting stabbed over idol concert calls" 
"AT_USER going to taco bell was your first mistake" 
"AT_USER the moral subway (one way, a to b, dead end route episode - presented by michael buerk)" 
"rt AT_USER im mad that you wasted money just to throw food away for a tweet. i luv chick-fil-a . 
"sad day when i walk over to the nigh just to find out that starbucks is closed. " 
"i'm tired of feeling pregnant after eating chipotle" 
"i wish starbucks didnt announce your order. pumpkin spice latte for jacob in front of a dozen ppl followed by walk of shame is degrading" 
"AT_USER AT_USER what the fuck is this ty i thought your pledged your allegiance to AT_USER 
"AT_USER AT_USER i would understand if AT_USER flatly refused his offer " 
"abbey brooks retro sex drunk anal krystal steal" 
"damn how many pesos we gotta have to get some real taco bell round here" 
"ok dead ass i want chipotle" 
"actually, who else on here has beef w kfc meat so i can block you and stuff?" 
"the biggest mistake i have ever made was walking into my classroom today with mcdonalds fries" 
"its disgusting . 
"second day of training at the bar... made a little latte ghost starbucks coffee love frappuccino latte tea . 
"you, a fool: mcdonalds should bring back szechuan sauce me, a genius: mcdonalds should bring back the cbo, the patrician chicken sandwich." 
"no serious injuries in car crash just before noon today on perryville near panera bread, rockford pd assistant deputy chief mike dalke said." 
"rt AT_USER if the government ran with even a fraction of the productivity of a chick-fil-a franchise, we'd be out of debt in mont" 
"i wanted freaking panda express for lunch but that line was too long and so i got taco bell that makes me feel a way " 
"lol. poor liddle scottie. hawaii says shut up muthafucken haole. . 
"hate them heffas rt AT_USER hoe in taco bell almost made me run her head cross that counter for this weak ass tea and gon grt smart" 
"rt AT_USER damn how many pesos we gotta have to get some real taco bell round here" 
"rt AT_USER " welcome to mcdonalds can i take your order " first of all bitch fix your attitude cause i didnt fill out the mcdonalds" 
"rt AT_USER starbucks, when you dont have your shit together, i dont have my shit together, please get your shit together." 
"rt AT_USER lol. poor liddle scottie. hawaii says shut up muthafucken haole. . 
"and the taco bell bitch called me matt. does that sound like manny to you?" 
"some trumpolini fans are obsessed with sjws &amp; "many genders" but this is their real enemy: . squeezes their paychecks" 
"AT_USER AT_USER heyy well psu aint gonna lose and usc will beat nd at home" 
"poor show AT_USER -treated myself tonight and paid for 5 chicken selects but came home and i'd only got 3 . 
"her cooking will kill you a lot faster than any taco bell would.. rt AT_USER AT_USER u gon start making my lunch?" 
"ugh just bought a pumpkin spice latte med &amp; this is what i paid for? this was just made and it tastes like the coff . 
"because shareholders are more important than employees, chipotle cuts average staff hours to about 20. . 
"rt AT_USER cba with people in starbucks correctin u if u dont say grande or venti like i aint interested in sounding a twat just let" 
"i only got 2 cards from one of those tim hortons things.. this is a modern tragedy" 
"another reason to hate bank of america. they downgraded chipotle today because they think they pay their employees too much." 
"how can people get a tall at starbucks and feel satisfied, trenta or die" 
"busty big ass krystal banks blowjob cumswallow . 
"AT_USER that's troubling to hear. please contact . so we can investigate. -james" 
"i will pay someone 5 to bring me a mcdonalds chicken legend meal at the news building starving istartedworkat7am" 
"AT_USER krispy kreme is bomb. st george is also great for a simple donut. hurts is overrated and shitty employers." 
"rt AT_USER call me crazy but..i don't get everyone's obsession with chipotle " 
"rt AT_USER gotta run up like venti aqui bitch . 
"i used to crave starbucks like.. everyday, &amp; now i'm obsessed with my usual at jamba,obsessed so bomb,&amp; healthy,&amp; fattening" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER probably got fired his 1st week &amp; then went to wotk at subway where he met paul ryan &amp; chachi..." 
"AT_USER AT_USER i wouldnt eat deer meat from anywhere. thats weird to me. but i arbys." 
"rt AT_USER burger king is beating up burgers to make a point. . 
"she better get right the fuck out of my side of town and never come back. get your kfc ass mans and leg it hoe. don't piss off a miller." 
"@ the thirteen year old girl staring at me in starbucks: stop it" 
"subway is trying to make me not like the ramones' version of surfin' bird by putting it in their ad. not gonna work, subway." 
"selena stans are the absolute worst people to exist . 
"pull up on the block in a drop top chicken box, mr kfc vvs is in the watch" 
"u better not give me this lil ass chicken strip . 
"AT_USER that was me and my high school ex boyfriend last night, but i mainly did it to give him shit for taki . 
"taco bell - gross - not authentic at all - fake tbh . 
"oh this has all sorts of train wreck written all over it. . 
"people who just stand in front of empty seats on the subway?????" 
"rt AT_USER is arbys really going to serve venison sandwiches? AT_USER finds this frightening. . 
"kfc coleslaw is off the charts fire" 
"rt AT_USER there is something very wrong about myers and pizza hut using sham contracting to under pay workers AT_USER npc" 
"im st pizza hut were ordering supper and i work at my own pace but i still cant help but to feel so muhc dread related to it" 
"there have been a thousand reasons to cry on the subway this week, i didn't expect it to be a picture of andy. miss you every day, friend." 
"hell naw these shits nasty asl . 
"the panda express in tooele didnt even give a lot of rice wth" 
"fancy being called a pain in subway for asking the woman to change her gloves cos of meat contamination idiots" 
"oh no i wore the same shirt to taco bell again and the same worker who commented on it last week is here.... exposed outfitrepeater" 
"AT_USER just got some wendy's missing a burger what the heck!" 
"you haven't lived until you've had a yodel driver inexplicably leave your grande gingerbread latte behind the wheel . 
"the barista at starbucks gon ask me why dont you ever smile? im stressed. aint no smiling bih." 
"AT_USER -AT_USER drive thru- good morning! how are yo- triple grande soy l white mocha extra whip no foam thats it. -drives forward-" 
"at panda express and this dirty redneck was on the phone spewing out the n word like it was nothing. girl...." 
"go to AT_USER after a late shift for food and this is my burger. where the hell is the bottom of my bun?! . 
"the chick-fil-a workers standing outside give me anxiety" 
"seriously - i just started eating my panda express and started sobbing lmfao i'm a mess, i can't handle this" 
"AT_USER that was our code for mcdonalds when we wanted to suggest going there without committing when the kids were younger..." 
"less than 10 weeks til christmas? do u know what that means? tis the season for christians to get upset over starbucks cups fa la la la la l" 
"if u think in-n-out is better than whataburger youre smoking dick" 
"AT_USER AT_USER no chance" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER gross" 
"rt AT_USER shame on you, with tutti frutti downstairs offering miles better coffee and service (and probably paying more taxes " 
"after news4 broke starbucks anacostia story on twitter, mayor bowser announced letter of intent has been signed w/i . 
"AT_USER homemade or like kfc type shit ??" 
"rt AT_USER krystals raging at wee girls cause they voted my pumpkin was better pmsl" 
"AT_USER miss you too rachel! not the same when i'm at starbucks getting yelled at while they're changing my name..." 
"AT_USER taco bell for two hours and you dont think he cheating get the fuck outta here okay im really done nah. " 
"AT_USER AT_USER its right off the columbia heights metro stop. across frm chipotle, same building as . 
"totally gross . 
"AT_USER AT_USER eh thats traveling nonsense. these dudes chose subway over a multiple real options" 
"bruh there's no way somebody has actually bought that turkey cranberry sauce sandwich from subway" 
"spent 10 minutes in line at an empty subway because the dummy in front of me had 0 idea how ordering food works. " 
"rt AT_USER mailani and i are at starbucks and all we hear are these three moms talking shit about their kids " 
"good but no location near . 
"when people tryna be rude about my relationship with chick-fil-a . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER boycott papa johns" 
"AT_USER damn, do you wanna date my girl AT_USER ??" 
"i'm scared to check my bank account but i really want chick-fil-a" 
".AT_USER opens second location, touts cheeky 'starbucks pumpkin spice latte' look-alike . 
"AT_USER started reading this and thought u actually took a bitch to chipotle" 
"this starbucks i got isnt that good :(" 
"time to start drinking insane amounts of starbucks and monsters again " 
"i'm so angry i can't eat taco bell anymore, that was my favorite " 
"rt AT_USER .AT_USER wants customers to provide store security in exchange 4 one of their shitty burgers, maybe. . 
"this just pissed me right off because i hate working at chipotle and this happens every two people . 
"holy fuck i just found out that chipotle isnt pronounced like chipottul" 
"aye 1 time me &amp; AT_USER went to mcdonalds and i ordered some nuggets folks was talm bout nigga that aint gangstai miss my brother man" 
"whut duh hell . 
"fr fuck a kfc . 
"AT_USER AT_USER what the hell" 
"awwwwww, poor baby! . 
"the fight for $15 . 
"zone users australian guy makes really bad game ideas a reality larry blackmon hangin' out at sbarro still trying." 
"shit, i should have just bought myself this burger king so tired to make myself something to eat." 
"rt AT_USER burger king reveals the uncomfortable truth about bullying in a remarkable in-store stunt . 
"any1 driving to or frm east legon shd avoid usin da kfc road, a huge tree was uprooted during da storm &amp; fallen on a trotro &amp; a private car" 
"hella benet kids just came into starbucks... fucking leave. frappuccinos don't even have coffee " 
"smh this mcdonalds ice cream machine is broken" 
"what a loser! ;) . 
"rt AT_USER i miss dairy queen and home" 
"this motherfucker is living in 3017 . 
"hey AT_USER why do you roast people on twitter and not use that fire in your commercials?" 
"it is somehow still 85 degrees in every subway station let me die" 
"i fucks with yall . 
"AT_USER AT_USER right?! how do you forget the bun for a damn burger?! " 
"AT_USER i've always hated starbucks" 
"rt AT_USER suck on her toes &amp; buy her starbucks" 
"donate those coats the kids don't fit anymore to coatsforkids at the pappas family mcdonalds in peru &amp; streator thru oct. 26th. wglc" 
"kinda excited to exercise but more excited for the taco bell im gonna get after to ruin the exercise" 
"rt AT_USER any1 driving to or frm east legon shd avoid usin da kfc road, a huge tree was uprooted during da storm &amp; fallen on a t" 
"AT_USER you'd have to work your way up from night shift with the drunk townies for years before you can even crack 9-5 mcdonalds." 
"me earlier my fat ass had to run to starbucks. . 
"had the worst dream someone was trynna kill me for some reason &amp; my taco bell fam was trynna save me. ended w me being a badass shooter." 
"my uber driver this morning told me he stopped going to starbucks when they started to protest trump" 
"had starbucks this morning and totally forgot that its psl season talk about epic fail" 
"i seriously crave chick-fil-a 24/7" 
"rt AT_USER review: semi definitive list of worst nightmares by krystalsutherland . . 
"cannot believe that tonight i went out for thai and then went out again for mcdonalds literally within 3 hours i hate me x" 
"fuck bofa . 
"AT_USER AT_USER kill your self" 
"rt AT_USER me earlier my fat ass had to run to starbucks. . 
"rt AT_USER bruh there's no way somebody has actually bought that turkey cranberry sauce sandwich from subway" 
"young un's at work. "wouldn't it be great getting a new kfc in carlisle". me - fucks sake we haven't had a theatre since 1963." 
"zero hedge | something wicked this way comes: mcdonalds a... . . 
"AT_USER starbucks isn't any better i agree with shorty" 
"u2 busks in nyc subway in disguise . 
"rt AT_USER this is why i'm scared to go to nyc imagine this happens while on the subway . 
"how is AT_USER out of bbq sauce for my chicken nuggets??? i seriously don't even know what to do with myself! AT_USER 
"shid chipotle fuck your mean . 
"rt AT_USER cop: i'm going to give you a sobriety test. me: okay cop: let's get taco bell me: no thanks cop: text your ex me: no way" 
"rt AT_USER so bieber comes to my neighborhoods park and starbucks a lot but my ass is too geeked to go say whats up" 
"nun porn backroom casting couch older milf krystal steal russian milf" 
"AT_USER i'm am eating pizza hut today to stress eat and protest the bot" 
"my booty do be on some shit after some chipotle kelli 2017" 
"i feel attacked . 
"rt AT_USER who hurt you . 
"boy this shit not checkers this a chess game !" 
"working at chick-fil-a is the worst part time job you could get yourself, js they give you full time hour shifts" 
"rt AT_USER my booty do be on some shit after some chipotle kelli 2017" 
"rt AT_USER all southbroward students: no more parking in subway or else you will be towed" 
"AT_USER can not believe the service i got today at tim hortons. manager was outright vicious with me. very unhappy and disappointed" 
"might just ruin this workout with some taco bell, taqeto fucc ito" 
"AT_USER "my ideal first date is passing out in a triangle choke on the floor of a starbucks."" 
"i have never felt so betrayed in my life..? my family got taco bell without me.. i am so disappointed and depressed now" 
"my bestfriend AT_USER lives 2,000 miles away &amp; is buying me starbucks rn. if that aint love.. idk what is realone " 
"wtf did papa johns do.?!!" 
"and dirty . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER oh no! remember how you guys shut down hamilton? starbucks. star wars? step . 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER puhlease, trump supporters' boycotts never work, there aren't enough people! lmao ! remember boycott " 
"rt AT_USER u better not give me this lil ass chicken strip . 
"bitches @ starbucks really be on one- not even studying" 
"today's agenda includes one lecture, one exam, and a shit ton of reading. sponsored by a starbucks americano." 
"parolee arrested for slashing random subway rider in face on a train, nypd says: . . 
"me craving mcdonalds after i already said id stop eating cows . 
"rt AT_USER burger king sucks ass" 
"terrible news. the AT_USER in AT_USER is closed for refurbishment. im reduced to having to drink this . 
"AT_USER he's the ugliest kfc chef in the north east" 
"rt AT_USER selena stans are the absolute worst people to exist . 
"rt AT_USER newvid starbucks venti ass AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER . 
"i want taco bell so bad but i have no way to get there" 
"rt AT_USER the fuck you mean ill just walk into starbucks . 
"that cookie that comes with the chicken and bisquit box at kfc does not taste like a cookie it tastes like chicken " 
"apparent terrorist attack in london subway . 
"AT_USER AT_USER i'm ready to delete. i'm at $25 lost dollars this year because of this. it's bullshit" 
"AT_USER AT_USER howd those boycotts of starbucks,pepsi,netflix, ben&amp;jerrys,macys etc...work out for you . 
"rt AT_USER chipotle been stingy as hell lately" 
"AT_USER not like they couldn't have added bare hats to a fucking star wars game kfc" 
"rt AT_USER starbucks upstanders: from war to montana . . 
"rt AT_USER parolee arrested for slashing random subway rider in face on a train, nypd says: . . 
"AT_USER wtf im so jealous. i tweet about mcdonalds at least once a week" 
"dozens of rapes by stalker, cops coworker, college senior, neighbor. attempted drugging by ceo. groping by doctors &amp; subway, riders meetoo" 
"rt AT_USER and dirty . 
"rt AT_USER im trying to go get carls jr, or jack in the box but my friends are fake and ignore me " 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER the nfl, starbucks, hamilton.... all have taught me that yall really suck at boycotting." 
"rt AT_USER the only problem i have living in lincoln is that jimmy johns is way too accessible " 
"hand domination latino porn tube porno krystal steal indian real sex" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER is that the same as blaming mcdonalds for gaining weight?" 
"ifitwerentfordogs of islam from the 6th century bc who don't understand soap yet, we could worry over monday bread . 
"found this in my AT_USER sandwich then was refused a refund! shame AT_USER ! . 
"when he quit as porter to get that starbucks job everyone was hating . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER all i want is taco bell now ugh" 
"oh yeah, now i feel like some arby's, damn AT_USER you been killing it recently, gg! . 
"little caesars is too cheap not to love" 
"AT_USER i would try to. thats fucked and i always had to deal with it at taco bell " 
"AT_USER AT_USER oh no! you must have missed the sign directing you to the location on level 2a, no more than 40 steps away. " 
"why are we mad at papa johns?" 
"getting harassed by two little indian kids at chipotle is my favorite" 
"i frequently forget that both the mcdonalds in statesboro are just the literal worst." 
"4chan users work to expose ohio burger king lettuce incident - abc news . 
"rt AT_USER something wicked this way comes: mcdonalds a bear in a bull costume | zero hedge . 
"wtf? the new remodeling at the krispy kreme on silverado ranch is so depressing" 
"gross . 
"fuck panda express" 
"rt AT_USER hell is yall going through AT_USER . 
"AT_USER AT_USER roar..their money cow is tv contracts. hit their sponsors hard AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER . 
"my life is just me constantly trying to find ways to avoid going to union square subway station at all costs" 
"i was struggling all day, but then they put my chipotle in a bag with handles and i instantly felt better." 
"AT_USER they're going to try to run a trump-like campaign. lies, innuendo and smear. fact checkers will need to be on their toes." 
"thats a weird way to spell starbucks . 
"rt AT_USER chick-fil-a has gotta go sorry overrated it's not even that good i'd say 4/10 . 
"AT_USER routerecognizererror: no route defined for "krispy-kreme"" 
"stretch but works. burger king reveals the uncomfortable truth about bullying in a remarkable in-store stunt . 
"an inconvenient truth: beating the market is extremely hard to do net of fees over the long-term seattle. . 
"just fuckin punished 40 chicken mcnuggets from mcdonalds, now i can die" 
"AT_USER sick at starbucks... mooch u ok?" 
"AT_USER foot long... no subway" 
"scrap the mohodu. but a nqina mcdonalds style? with that jalapeno? whoo on 2nd thought let's leave it." 
"i go to AT_USER more then anyone i know... and they have been so disappointing lately. no more chicken nugget costume now." 
"AT_USER i encourage anyone to boycott papa johns shit pies. tell your listeners." 
"and she doesn't like pizza hut despite their unlimited free salad" 
"rt AT_USER did i miss that part in the bible that says chick-fil-a can't serve breakfast after 10:30?" 
"made an unplanned stop at arbys to sample the chicken pepperoni parm. it's good ...... but nothing can top the chicken cordon bleu." 
"in st. john's nb, tomorrow first stop tim hortons after that who knows ... tonight though it's . 
"AT_USER saw their chance and took it. lmfaooo no wayyyy. whoever did this ad deserves a raise . 
"amateurs fuck in the subway . 
"AT_USER starbucks has the worst black coffee." 
"i miss you so much! buying you taco bell but a pimp eating steak! corn bread collard greens chitterlings on my pl . 
"people hyped me up to try in and out animal style burger and when i went to vegas that shit tasted like mcdonalds $1 burger on my life" 
"oh my god this lady turned left on a red light and almost ran me over as i went across the crosswalk by starbucks i'm so mad lol" 
"we can't be friends if you don't like chipotle" 
"AT_USER i thought panda express always tasted like trash we just ate it cause we hate getting sit down chinese food " 
"my fat ass only ever craves 3 things. wingstop, whataburger and chick-fil-a :(((((( and i really want some whataburger rn send help" 
"*at mcdonalds* me: uhh, can i get a deckers traits are an embodiment of obnoxiousness and annoyance? cashier: um are u ok" 
"the dude that just made my sandwich @ subway was wearing a metro pcs polo and a pizza palermo hat. no idea how this meal will turn out." 
"damn why dont you just marry him . 
"ask for more bitch or say extra rice. its called the correct portion. niggas come in chipotle acting dumb af . 
"imagine if linus was called a fucker for working at mcdonalds" 
"rt AT_USER damn why dont you just marry him . 
"rt AT_USER no one gives a shit about ur chicken tenders AT_USER we want spicy nuggets back" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER burger king? disgusting. very american. so is obesity." 
"i want an ice cream cone from mcdonalds soo bad but ik there fucking machine is going to be broken " 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER my subway stop has been closed for 5 months. when it reopens, will the r still suck?" 
"one hing al no miss aboot mcdonalds is standing at the drive through window in this weather freezin tae fuckin death" 
"overheard at starbucks: all of the other spiders are scared of the daddy long legs" 
"AT_USER that's troubling to hear. please contact . so we can investigate. -james" 
"my starbucks drink does not have me jumping from wall to wall, i feel bamboozled" 
"rt AT_USER dirty car? empty stomach? no worries! chhs and echhs skjaja club students will wash your car and dunkin donut " 
"when ya accidentally reload $25 to your starbucks account instead of $10, and your bank account begins teetering on the verge of extinction." 
"horror game that forces player to be a subway operator that can't jump high enough to reach all platforms" 
"i had 3 AT_USER rewards expire so i'm not going anymore. if u must freeze them so u can't save over a certain amount but this sucks." 
"it got to me that starbucks dont do a pass it on scheme. whatever that thing is called where you pay for coffee so someone homeless can.." 
"rt AT_USER burger king goes after bullying in strange new ad via the AT_USER app . 
"im at a starbucks and i really wanna get a drink but im broke af so im just gonna do my homework and drink water :)" 
"nice try but if you start selling frozenrolos then i will sue the ever living chocolate out of you cunts AT_USER . 
"is because is made with syrup not actual chocolate like wtf AT_USER 
"i wana try something new from starbucks but idk what... " 
"i have a 6 page paper to write &amp; an outline due tomorrow but all i can think about is mcdonalds szechuan sauce what the fuck is wrong w/ me" 
"wtf is happening right here ... . 
"omg the kfc near mine finally deliver, cheat day sorted " 
"AT_USER AT_USER bring back the whale n rid the nuggets witch i thought was a taco bell advertisement" 
"rt AT_USER sometimes i eat at long john silvers because at heart i'm a very chaotic person" 
"AT_USER no bc our move is always mcdonalds and you know how that goes...." 
"some ya author: imagine a dystopia where you're punished financially for paying your workers more than minimum wage . 
"for someone who will probably be a wife and mother one day, i've pissed far too many times in the same burger king parking lot." 
"i swear chipotle piss me off with that one scoop of rice " 
"shawn doesn't like kfc mashed potatoes. divorce." 
"AT_USER AT_USER nah. this is nyc subway service right now. AT_USER fix it. AT_USER 
"rt AT_USER man who abducted 2-year-old boy into mcdonald's toilet jailed - metropolitan police . via AT_USER 
"stupid iphone 7s and there no headphone jack won't let me listen to my music @ starbucks &gt;:(" 
"AT_USER stop eating mcdonalds every day" 
"has anyone tried the fried egg taco from taco bell? shit looks like to me." 
"dunkin donuts and rolled cigarettes are the trademark of a poor college student." 
"rt AT_USER the subway crisis is costing new yorkers more than just their time. we need a fairfix. . 
"i went to wendys so i could have dinner for game night but i realised at the pay window that i forgot my fucking purse i can never go back" 
"i was complaining at work about not liking a drink at starbucks and this guest gave me a $20 to go get drink " 
"(by the way, why do i keep using "catherine" as my false name? i was accidentally called "catherine" at a starbucks once.)" 
"i still get upset about the time i bought a venti starbucks after a long night in the studio and i dropped it 2 minutes later." 
"AT_USER AT_USER facts..ngga bet not be round here talkin bout "dawg lets go shoot hoops,but stop by sta . 
"im the girl who couldnt care any less about 'pumpkin spice white bitch season' but got pumped for cranberry mustard back at subway." 
"fire | bloor &amp; danforth subway [41 div.] 10/18 17:01 old_toronto" 
"like why does starbucks, for example, need to be open on christmas? people will live for 1 say without precious starbucks " 
"okay, maybe dying was a bit harsh. how about recovering from a stroke from eating such garbage? get off my tl . 
"rt AT_USER cuz del sol down the block . 
"rt AT_USER because of our routines we forget that life is an ongoing adventure. mayaangelou bruce davidson untitled, subwa " 
"psa taco bell on 290 by kroger doesn't have dr.pepper.only pepsi.this is the fuckin south we don't want ur fuckin pepsi. i'm in full protest" 
"that good boy wanna beat your ass for not using the right too . 
"rt AT_USER i'd hate to know how much money i've spent at taco bell lol" 
"i love panda express but i'm lowkey disappointed bc i want a chick fil a " 
"AT_USER i mean, where else would this shark be?! its me being shocked when i see people at mcdonalds." 
"rt AT_USER when they stop fuckin &amp; sucking for $10 chipotle bowls . 
"AT_USER oh no. now im doubting it again lol. must be wendys low carb burger. wehhh hahaha." 
"and your shit looks like a fucked up sub from subway . 
"did i ghost tweet this . 
"rt AT_USER i had no idea starbucks had green tea frappes...." 
"rt AT_USER need me a lil baby who gon fuck up some zaxbys with me" 
"was never a big fan - burger king . 
"rt AT_USER chipotle employees be so greedy with the ingredients like that shit comes out their paycheck" 
"rt AT_USER i just choked on my mcdonalds" 
"omg there's a dead kitten out side of long john silvers " 
"AT_USER what a typical liberal idiot. burger king is looking for a few alright little boys." 
"AT_USER why does AT_USER have so much trouble with spelling your name right?? its i s a not that hard. " 
"rt AT_USER sucking titties is a lost art. . 
"if this is what youre looking for, look no further i am here . 
"AT_USER 40458-0 has terrible customer service and refused a refund after i found a hair in my sub. they found it more productive to argue." 
"rt AT_USER gov have agreed this, because its too big for them not too. but they say animals killed humanly, but theyre not t " 
"rt AT_USER get your ass out of bed and go work out, then you can go lay down in a tanning bed and cry yourself to sleep for 12 min" 
"damn i want some wendys . 
"rt AT_USER nyc teachers shouldnt have to pay for the mta . 
"i guess the stock market runs on poor employees! . 
"mans not ready to stress, but still stressing thou . 
"i know AT_USER would be mad at this! lol! right AT_USER !?! . 
"bunch of jealous in-n-out haters replying to this tweet. also: please in-n-out! don't just tease me. . 
"damn dominos hopped on the "we don't deliver out there after dark" train with pizza hut and papa's" 
"i envision hell just trying to turn left out of the starbucks on 15th &amp; broadway during 5 oclock traffic" 
"i prob had the best subway sandwich today. fuck that bitch next to me who was making disgusted faces at my sandwich" 
"AT_USER quebec artist loses contracts &amp; program after string of harassment, perversity revelations . 
"rt AT_USER was never a big fan - burger king . 
"please don't blow kisses at me as you're walking down the side of the road in your burger king uniform. pls." 
"AT_USER AT_USER yet AT_USER continues with distractions. fall river line, platform ticket checkers. out of touch leaders." 
"hannah powell-smith: 16 ways to kill a vampire at mcdonalds abigail corfman . 
"rt AT_USER just fuckin punished 40 chicken mcnuggets from mcdonalds, now i can die" 
"blotter: jimmy john's worker chases alleged sandwich thieves, stabs one . via AT_USER don't fuck with jj's" 
"damn im craving chipotle right now real bad" 
"today i have eaten a donut and half a crunch wrap from taco bell. i also made some questionable purchases. i need constant supervision." 
"rt AT_USER mcdonalds no longer carries hi c orange. i am in total distress." 
"so i have classes tomorrow but i haven't gone in weeks and i'm scared of going again, i literally hate taking the bus and the subway" 
"bitches think they can pick &amp; choose.... bitch, this aint chipotle." 
"today i figured out what it was. because i had the same AT_USER maple pecan latte that apparently disagrees with me " 
"AT_USER finally nyc sucks, i won't be back any time soon, never. subway system sucks b/c poor management &amp; leadership." 
"AT_USER make a consensus on taco bell already, dipshit" 
"shook cmt burger king c bon" 
"rt AT_USER taco bell and coffee.. who the fuck let's me make my own descions as i have to drive two hours " 
"no one should have to pay for the mta cause the mta shouldnt exist . 
"rt AT_USER why is burger king promoting this on my timeline? a real messy bitch . 
"AT_USER yo this is that shit you were just talking about! why isn't this little guy in a bag? . 
"AT_USER AT_USER bias as a mf" 
"rt AT_USER for someone who will probably be a wife and mother one day, i've pissed far too many times in the same burger king park" 
"yo i just made the dankest burrito bowl at work wtf i may never go back to chipotle ever again" 
"rt AT_USER whataburger no questions asked . 
"subway not moving but at least we are stuck in a spot where i can listen tonthe game." 
"my anxiety is on another level i would rather go to a drive in starbucks than go to the one on campus filled with ppl" 
"queuing at mcdonalds for this ffs twat . 
"rt AT_USER if this is what youre looking for, look no further i am here . 
"rt AT_USER standing in subway &amp; one girl says to another "he cheated on me but i didn't break up with him bc he said sorry ya know?" no" 
"day353 still cheating on the tiffin store. shhhhhhh chipotlelife imbatman @ chipotle . 
"where can i get starbucks vampire frappuccino? unfortunately, there's a huge catch and it really "sucks" . via bust" 
"i had a bad papa johns experience, resulting in a giftcard. i got greedy today, gave in, used the giftcard. guess w . 
"rt AT_USER just scored the unstoppable badge because i used on-the-go ordering in the new dunkin donuts app. wtfast" 
"missing whataburger . . 
"i was so excited to have chipotle but the queso is disappointing and they didn't even fill my bowl halfway so now i'm just upset" 
"AT_USER totinos but papa johns is awful" 
"AT_USER AT_USER um..... no its not." 
"AT_USER fuck subway. shitty ass sandwiches. south coast on the other hand. " 
"had a awful day so caroline took me to burger king " 
"mom flunked organic chem and had to retake it. dad recognized her from class and asked her out on the subway. . 
"AT_USER aight im not a professional when it comes to this, but its definitely kim jong un, the fat fuck hacked my mcdonalds voucher" 
"for me, they have dunkin donuts. worse than last year (1.99 medium coffee/donut instead of 0.76 coffee) but i'll live." 
"AT_USER sorry mate we are not kfc vidoref conspiracy AT_USER AT_USER 
"comparing mcdonalds buttermilk crispy tenders to raising_canes chicken is unfair. they are two different fast food . 
"slow blowjob krystal steal cassandra cruz tube porno" 
"rt AT_USER damn i want starbucks" 
"bro my old subway manager deadass asked me to work for her again, idk tho... " 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER hes boycotting papa johns. im kidding. hes got 2 slices in his cotton dockers on lock." 
"rt AT_USER starbucks coffee is disgusting. first of all it tastes like soap, second of all u have to get it from dispensers in the bat" 
"so how long do you think it will take for those donuts to kill him? . 
"AT_USER AT_USER sorry need penn to lose! badgers" 
"today started off rocky, i got charged for avocado at subway b/c the usual manager wasnt there ),:" 
"if im not in class im waitin in chipotles long ass line and thats a fact" 
"AT_USER that's troubling to hear. please contact . so we can investigate. -james" 
"people who pre order chipotle online are so selfish" 
"nah rt AT_USER whataburger is trash!!!!!" 
"just started ordering my regular sub from subway at the cafe at my school ... i h8 myself "i'd like to order a subway melt"" 
"the odd soul (AT_USER bike rack epic trail amber ale (AT_USER is on, replacing rogue chipotle ale (AT_USER )" 
"can't be dealing with your bullshit i need starbucks" 
"rt AT_USER this lady just called pizza hut and asked the specials then dropped the phone and said "oh. i just had a wreck. i'll call y" 
"AT_USER must be. if you have sex in a pizza hut you cant go round to each others beds is odd tho." 
"just remember that AT_USER is jealous of our 20 oz venti psl but you know... coffee hot . 
"destroyed that quiz, had a badass workout then decided it was a smart idea to drive to AT_USER in a wind storm." 
"bitch mcdonalds tenders soooo mf goooooood bro!" 
"i curse the dude that drove into the iupui chipotle. i just paid 11 dollars at qdoba for what would've been like 6 at chipotle." 
"real disappointed. AT_USER 
"these people in my starbucks parking lot cant drive for shit i swear to god" 
"update, gone to 2 more starbucks cafes and... still cant get my gosh damn almond croissant . 
"nan said she'll order chinese but not pizza because it's "too fattening" gtf silly cunt dominos is already on prep x" 
"i scraped tf out of tariks rim in mcdonalds drive thru on manchester . my heart legit cried " 
"mine want chick-fil-a smh . 
"im tryna suck a kfc biscuit on ya ass , whats good bro chill them hoes dry asl . 
"i am currently in a chipotle for the first time. i have no opinion on this experience." 
"what do u call a mcdonalds that doesn't sell burgers??? extremely fucking stupid and impractical" 
"rt AT_USER if chipotle was on uber eats i'd be fat and broke" 
"dunkin donuts: your coffee isnt $1.50 first of all, its happy hour from 3-6 bitch so try again" 
"one piece is dumb because they spend 500 episodes looking for one piece when they can just go to kfc and get a 3 piece combo for 5.99" 
"you can tell the man getting his ass slapped by colonel sanders in the new kfc football commercial is a bottom" 
"rt AT_USER when going to taco bell becomes a photo shoot . 
"rt AT_USER one piece is dumb because they spend 500 episodes looking for one piece when they can just go to kfc and get a 3 piece" 
"go fuck yourself . 
"sam antonio only has pepsi and no coke . 
"AT_USER AT_USER imagine the panic in starbucks when someone asks for a technology infusion to go" 
"no line in kfc diwali" 
"AT_USER it's not that it's long. it's having to stand belly to belly with strangers the whole time. fuck the subway." 
"employees making more money is bad for the company? . 
"i'm crying what was jacob going off about . 
"i'm exhausted today. i'm going to skip the walk. and i have calories enough for subway." 
"AT_USER AT_USER baconator with no mayo and alarge fries." 
"long john silvers bitches" 
"how much does a subway delay cost? . . 
"dont you know how bad chick-fil-a is for you? first of all, those are the lords calories. they dont count." 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER unfortunately i only had one sample but if . 
"arbys knows their shit. appeal to fanboys and you'll have a loyal fanbase for life. . 
"erotic cartoons indonesian krystal steal instructional sex videos" 
"rt AT_USER me to my parents, unl, mcdonalds, anyone who asks me to pay for anything . 
"AT_USER make a league of legends reference and i'll stop using coupons." 
"i'm offended. . 
"i mistakenly read the facebook comments on an article about chipotle coming to peru . 
"i gained weight again and i know its 100% my fault because ive been hitting mcdonalds 4 times a week" 
"arby's what the fuck are you implying . 
"i took a white bitch to starbucks that bitch got her throat fucked" 
"if you work at starbucks and have no clue what a white hot chocolate is you should be fired smh" 
"dark roast with no room, upside-down, 6 pump, sugar-free, mocha frap: how high maintenance is your starbucks ... - . 
"damn subway is expensive! $12.75 for a foot long italian bmt with chips and a drink. deli d is cheaper and tastier" 
"trump is playing one dimensional checkers and losing at it. . 
"go to mcdonalds they forget to put the chips in bag fucking raging. mongos r us mcdonalds AT_USER 
"i'm really craving those shitty mini pizza hut pizzas " 
"AT_USER AT_USER i thought you would have came to your senses and switched sides...i was wrong lol" 
"rt AT_USER i will pay someone 5 to bring me a mcdonalds chicken legend meal at the news building starving istartedworkat7am" 
"AT_USER lmfaoooooooooo subway getting ratchet as hell" 
"fuckkkk the home girl piled my chipotle bowl soooo high . i hope you receive nothing but blessings" 
"rt AT_USER i want chick-fil-a so bad" 
"if you dont think AT_USER is incredible youre 1) lying to yourself 2) lying bc youve actually never been." 
"AT_USER nothing major, school stressful and i keep spending my money on chipotle " 
"rt AT_USER so by war on xmas you mean the emphasis on commercialism &amp; materialism instead of charity? oh, no. just say merry " 
"give me the damn szechuan sauce i ain't even playing!!! . 
"rt AT_USER fuckkkk the home girl piled my chipotle bowl soooo high . i hope you receive nothing but blessings" 
"rt AT_USER andddddd the worst whataburger in texas goes to........ wharton! congrats" 
"rt AT_USER fuck panda express" 
"nothing scares me more than a a devious stare from a girl as she drinks her starbucks coffee." 
"i'm sitting next to her and i want to steal her fries . 
"how hungry are you? very. how broke are you? very. only solution? taco bell" 
"AT_USER AT_USER wtf really. its way more popular here than starbucks" 
"earlier this tiny kid sat in front of me in the subway just slumped on her sit with her tongue out like she was dead" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER i don't know if i'm more surprised that there's actually a braum's gif on here or sad that " 
"i finally got an angry whopper from burger king . 
"and by funny i mean sad and brainwashed as fuck- capitalism is straight bending us over on a daily basis . 
"AT_USER i miss whataburger..." 
"so i was like sad? why? he explained him and his mom went to a dairy queen near her house yesterday.. basically: memories." 
"rt AT_USER my head game crazy had his ass clenching the sheets between his cheeks ard first of all, i had to shit because i " 
"AT_USER god forbid they are paid enough at chipotle to avoid having to work a second job." 
"hibiki is an ordinary third year high school student. on the way back from a mock exam he heads to the subway planning on going home, (c)" 
"AT_USER this is unacceptable. it's like waiving a bone at a dog and not giving it to them. . 
"rt AT_USER fr fuck a kfc . 
"fuck taco bell " 
"2nd draft day 1; no internet. go to starbucks. no internet. can't activate word on new laptop. spill coffee. amwriting but am i really?" 
"rt AT_USER did i ghost tweet this . 
"rt AT_USER who doesn't love chipotle? support your stuco at chipotle on n rock from 5-9pm thursday, october 19th! show this pi " 
"like b i wasn't feeling the coffee i bought at starbucks this morning but i'm not gonna go return the empty cup and get my money back am i?!" 
"a bad version of panera: no bread bowls. the worst version of panera: everyone is talking way too loud and i can't hear myself chew sadly." 
"AT_USER yo fuck whoever doesnt like taco bell" 
"i love watching stupidly large mcdonalds orders make the pre pubescent teens freak out because they know the internet has arrived." 
"AT_USER if they were lining up for gas or tim hortons i wonder if people would be equally upset at the holdup on the road." 
"after seeing how difficult hayden is for starbucks employees to get right, most other names must be a god damn nightmare." 
"AT_USER disabled, older people can't get to work standing up with dumb plan to take away all the seats on subwayudont . 
"i will not eat nasty ass papa johns for the rest of my life" 
"nyc subway trains are crazy i just seen a video of a fight over spaghetti fam" 
"hey rick n morty fans instead of shitting urself in mcdonalds and yelling @ staff, just but this and keep it in ur . 
"shit me too . 
"lc means little caesars. and he's responsible for every fucking idiot posting the little caesars bacon timeline shit." 
"without fail, the new york subway always makes me miss moscow and its clean, museum-like metro." 
"rt AT_USER im a start saying my goodbyes to ward 8. the barbarians where at the gate and marion barry wasnt there to stop th " 
"AT_USER say no more you dont even have to be reminded about the starbucks you are " 
"i swear they added way more jalapeos and chipotle sauce than ever" 
"rt AT_USER heart attack "AT_USER trash rt AT_USER krispy kreme doughnut ice cream sandwich. . 
"the ratio of taco bell to sadness in my body right now is not where i want it to be" 
"bitch gave me one spicy ketchup! tf yall doin? AT_USER 
"fuck i told a woman the wrong directions on the subway. should i have:" 
"korean endless table sitting has led to uncomfortable interactions with mcdonalds workers. . queens flushing nyc" 
"AT_USER chick-fil-a not open on sundays, but hell is." 
"today i can say a burger king ad made me cry . 
"at a level of social anxiety where i googled dirty chai on my way to starbucks to double check that it was acceptable to get chai w espresso" 
"guy goes crazy outside a burger king downtown takes off his clothes and i heard this all on wwlp i guess pcp is back in the area" 
"yeah, but mostly cardiac arrest or straight heart attack. . 
"alright its finally happening, my taco bell obsession is starting to go away" 
"backgammonstrategy: owning a point: when you line up 2+ checkers on a point and denied your opponent.... . 
"rt AT_USER mcdonalds employees after you pull off and they gave you 20 mcnuggets with no dipping sauce. . 
"you are the baby and jen is the starbucks cup i am done with my friends. i hate how accurate this is. . 
"kfc chicken sucks. shit not even chicken . 
"rt AT_USER i don't trust people who don't get they sandwich toasted at subway" 
"if you eat white castle you stink" 
"that jack-in-the-box in human form just keeps coming up with his stupid "amazing~" and terrible surprises every day!" 
"that bitch just tried to read me because i work @ starbucks. girl, i cant." 
"i saw this advertised like they were recruiting for mcdonalds. thought it was very poor . 
"AT_USER ive shit in way too many starbucks, please never tell my future children" 
"if thats how your tenders look , what a damn shame. AT_USER what is this nonsense ? . 
"new york-area landlords are wooing williamsburg residents as the shutdown of the crucial l subway line looms . 
"my tim hortons obsession is very real and becoming a problem..." 
"yo AT_USER when the fuck you gonna get your crispy chicken ranch snack wraps back?" 
"wsj: new york-area landlords are wooing williamsburg residents as the shutdown of the crucial l subway line looms . 
"AT_USER a dirty nee gar gotta do what a dirty nee gar gotta do.. go stuff your oversized pie hole with kfc &amp; watermelon u dirty nee gar" 
"AT_USER AT_USER no- haha same story- just a quick pit stop at subway" 
"rt AT_USER new york-area landlords are wooing williamsburg residents as the shutdown of the crucial l subway line looms . 
"rt AT_USER shit me too . 
"rt AT_USER chipotle are always stingy with there scoops like dude i'm trying to eat" 
"took a nap from 11-4:15 and i woke up in pain and craving subway of course" 
"rt AT_USER also this terminal doesn't have a starbucks so i'm mad cuz i reloaded my card. fuck you, airport. fuck this bean water wi" 
"the starbucks barista waited for the bee that was right in between our windows to be gone before she handed us our drinks thanks mutual fear" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER idk why i never went to wc when i lived up north. my parents were terrible." 
"ghetto kennedys fried chicken is better then bullshit white ppl kfc, idgaf." 
"AT_USER chick-fil-a is the whitest shit if a black dude walks in everyone stares nervously" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER oh shit i'm having my 22nd birthday at a taco bell with a bar.... thank you" 
"AT_USER nah. he'd be the homeless unmedicated guy in the subway you avoid cause even though you feel sorry . 
"i walk into chipotle and the first thing the guy says to me, "man, i'm sorry your season is over." can't escape i . 
"pros about this college strike. there's no stuents on the subway" 
"hahahahaha fuck this entire planet. a credit downgrade because a company isnt treating its employees bad enough. . 
"bestfriend jus bought me a whole ass meal from panda express and bouta smoke me out " 
"rt AT_USER bitch gave me one spicy ketchup! tf yall doin? AT_USER 
"my dad knows i have no appetite but brings me to taco bell &amp; uses my discount on his food " 
"the big reveal of dirtyjohns final chapter knocked the wind out of me. im crying on the subway." 
""taco bell isn't even real mexican" first of all i'm broke af" 
"AT_USER AT_USER no meeting between potus and the unamerican is needed. he won't get picked up 'cause he su . 
"knottsscaryfarm gotta stop by starbucks on your way out and grab a boysenberry frappuccino . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER you guys made me miss my turn and drive me thru silent hill . 
"yday, a girl looked at me on the subway. i felt so violated. she raped me w her eyes. i felt just like AT_USER . 
"salt miners will be having their usual fighting game casuals tonight. feel free to drop by after chipotle for some . 
"the many fakenews stories of a totally automated by robots mcdonalds here in usa proved to be false, paulhorner fake nonsense, but....." 
"it's funny until you realize how scary that is. . 
"-shows to to the enamelpin game two years later, with a starbucks- oh no, i think i may have . 
"online ordered chipotle and accidentally sent alexa to the wrong one" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet abou . 
"who's the stupid pricks setting off fireworks down the subway then! think ur 3 weeks too early" 
"AT_USER AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me qu . 
"AT_USER AT_USER you're retarded" 
"this panda express was bomb af" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER no meeting between potus and the unamerican is needed. he won't get picked up 'cause he su " 
"the viaduct included a lower level to carry rapid transit, a provision that wasn't used until the bloor-danforth subway opened in 1965. 5/6" 
"AT_USER AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me . 
"dominos pizza smells like shit and it tastes like shit too" 
"david works as a dumbass cunt at mcdonalds" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER seriously? thats a crime!!!" 
"if i'm two steps behind you and you can't hold the door you're a piece of shit and you were not raised well AT_USER year old at chipotle" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about wha . 
"AT_USER AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize m . 
"AT_USER AT_USER girrrrl, you need to go, i will literally take you, pay for you, and film your reaction of you trying chipotle!" 
"we pull up to little caesars aaron: yeah can i get two hot and spicy's im dead af my cousin dumb " 
"AT_USER just ate smokehouse brisket. it was cold, barely any meat &amp; literally e pieces of onion straws. really unhappy with the quality" 
"rt AT_USER no idea if this is accurate... but it does seem entirely plausible . 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet abou . 
"i was watching a youtube video and an ad popped up for chipotle introducing queso and i wasnt even mad that my video was being interrupted" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about . 
"rt AT_USER dominos pizza smells like shit and it tastes like shit too" 
"this tweet made me miss texas yall. . 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet abou . 
"i was boycotting starbucks coffee cause it makes me too jittery but i fucked up and got a psl today and it's trash" 
"havent had taco bell in soooooo long, cause im afraid of like getting you know food poisoning" 
"rt AT_USER burger king reveals the uncomfortable truth about bullying in a remarkable in-store stunt . 
"i lost ten pounds on a krispy kreme diet!" 
"i had the same experience yesterday their customer service sucks AT_USER . 
"AT_USER hey man i watch your videos and i think their pretty good but um remember your subway videos? well i found a remix on it ill" 
"AT_USER 5 guys bomb but i gotta say whataburger cause thats what i grew up on and i know its there for me 24/7" 
"i forgot that some starbucks has like ? beer and wine ? so weird...... also they charged me way more than normal sad face" 
"AT_USER whats more fucked up is you work at chipotle! (i got nothing)" 
"rt AT_USER rick and morty fans missed the point completely . 
"rt AT_USER i miss you AT_USER . 
"rt AT_USER subway cookies are unmatched " 
"AT_USER AT_USER should not even be close, michigan stinks plus its big time revenge" 
"AT_USER okay, so its a really big sci-fi show with an annoying fandom that terrorized mcdonalds nationwide t . 
"in need of subway, sucks we dont have it in italy and its midnight " 
"i was bad and went to starbucks to get a psl after work. i tried to be good and order a non-fat one. i should have just stayed neutral..." 
"the devil is busy. he knows pizza is my productivity fuel. . 
"rt AT_USER i'm so tired of starbucks being out of their pumpkin bread!!!!!" 
"rt AT_USER overheard at starbucks: all of the other spiders are scared of the daddy long legs" 
"where did alx leave his dildo? caitlin yelling at a mcdonalds" 
"i miss shia , megan , tyrese , josh.. his parents &amp; their little taco bell dog! " 
"not proud to say that im probably the only person ever who has actually got caught stealing a jar of hot sauce from chipotle" 
"rt AT_USER i wish i had enough titty to withstand my chest caving in from sucking that thick ass shake down cuz this a mood. . 
"sorry AT_USER i've got pennstate to take the w in this week's AT_USER rivalrybeef. who's got your vote? . 
"in the 4th grade i left my lunch money @ home and called this nigga to bring me burger king. his cool ass came in w . 
"rt AT_USER just bought a sandwich from subway. i'm broke now." 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER chick-fil-a is the whitest shit if a black dude walks in everyone stares nervously" 
"damn you. i was eating healthy tonight. kfc is right behind my house. its going to kill me. . 
"sadly we don't have one in whitewater . 
"it's gonna suck when i start substituting 8-3 and work at subway 4-12. but i'm ready to be with kids " 
"know its bad when the chick-fil-a worker remembers you " 
"kfc promo team going hard tho." 
"finally happened....went to a dunkin that was out of donuts. i hate today." 
"rt AT_USER by not joining the AT_USER AT_USER ignores every metoo through supporting sexual assault in agriculture " 
"they finally closed that trash ass wendys on nannie helen" 
"rt AT_USER i always get subway thinking "maybe i won't be disappointed this time" and i'm always wrong" 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER hey maybe you guys can get actual jobs rather than wasting your lives . 
"hi someone bring me starbucks while i die in the art building pls" 
"um hell to the yes chick-fil-a . 
"paying employees too much. what the flying fuck. . 
"i have 2 rather sad looking sweet potatoes in my fridge, too. so, that's friday's lunch sorted then. . 
"god damnit they gave me dairy milk at starbucks even though i asked for soy i didnt notice till i got home" 
"idk if i want a cheeseburger or subway" 
"scared the boy working at taco bell today. he droped baja blast down his pants... whoops " 
"ima rob this bitch just cuz . 
"AT_USER AT_USER no i am sorry 4 u" 
"rt AT_USER we pull up to little caesars aaron: yeah can i get two hot and spicy's im dead af my cousin dumb " 
"AT_USER fake news. chipotle slapped" 
"AT_USER yo fix your fucking railways, clean up the fucking stations, and keep homeless ppl away from the subway you broke ass motherfuckers" 
"justin mora no starbucks agora . 
"you're a piece of shit and you ruin it for everyone else clever way to get free starbucks!! . 
"AT_USER dude i am so serious. AT_USER what does this mean?!" 
"headlines: burger king takes stand against bullying in fascinating new ad . 
"trumps philanthropy list has mysteriously disappeared the fact checkers are doing their job! . 
"AT_USER still think, being made to feel uncomfortable at the counter in starbucks and real sexual assault are very different!" 
"18-year-old charged over london subway bombing . 
"how tf mcdonalds soda machine fuckin broken" 
"rt AT_USER go fuck yourself . 
"finna fuck around and get me sone subway " 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER hey the mets staff members work hard and earn a decent living, they deserve real p . 
"AT_USER AT_USER so do i mal i just cut it, plus you got that mcdonalds m bri" 
"AT_USER this is in the crosswalk on the corner of ball rd &amp; holder, south from pizza hut. lawsuit waiting to h . 
"no geico? some ads on tue night 'aftermath': advil, burger king, colgate, kia, mccafe, l'oreal, liberty mutual, sam adams, t-mobile, wendy's" 
"kill yourself please . 
"the higher ups at the AT_USER need to know how shit the subways are. most visited city in the world yet are subway is fucking garbage." 
"i would kill for some chipotle " 
"your food sucks . 
"wild how conservatives act like we get offended about stupid shit but throw a yearly tantrum about starbucks cups" 
"AT_USER mcdonalds sells a lot of burgers too. they are still shit. like you." 
"rt AT_USER whataburger is disgusting so . 
"rt AT_USER if you ever thought you were picky about your drinks... you were wrong. this one takes the cake for starbucks. https:/" 
"AT_USER you make my life miserable" 
"AT_USER i smelled french fries and was debating stopping by mcdonalds to get french fries and cookies and th . 
"damn AT_USER wtf y'all got going on . 
"fuck michigan i've got pennstate to take the w in this week's AT_USER rivalrybeef. who's got your vote? . 
"rt AT_USER paying employees too much. what the flying fuck. . 
"just taking a few extra minutes at starbucks to educate the barista on why cheap ass friday the 13th tattoos are bad for everyone " 
"AT_USER yeah when they got bought out by burger king everything gradually got shittier and they closed most of the ones up in maine" 
"have a nice weekend its tuesday im crying . 
"AT_USER you guys need to stop being so hilarious bc i am tired of getting dirty looks on the subway everyday after crying from laughter" 
"psa: dont order a grande size drink at starbucks and get mad at the barista when you dont get a large. learn the lingo, people " 
"boycott nfl starbucks macy target" 
"rt AT_USER how does my group get called bad kids. idk how some of these rumors get passed around town. we 24/7 play mortal komba" 
"liked on youtube: burger king | bullying jr. . 
"been craving starbucks for the longest im crying if i dont get any today" 
"i humbly would drown a basket full of puppies for some taco bell" 
"AT_USER i know right smh AT_USER 
"rt AT_USER tim hortons x popeyes is quite possibly the most dangerous combination of fast food i can think of. . 
"AT_USER fight me" 
"rt AT_USER *starbucks job interview* "what's your name?" -kevin "spell that please" -c e v a n "well shit! you're hired!" . 
"rt AT_USER i want chipotle so bad" 
"mi find out mi new symbol. mcdonalds myake di commercial. nuh mistakes !! !! , 333er" 
"right wtf . 
"AT_USER i miss chipotle with you " 
"then fuck are these jungcock discussions on my tl whether if he's a subway, dominos or nintendo switch" 
"alexander the ugly was born in wendys in 1692." 
"rt AT_USER sometimes u just gotta cry alone in an arbys" 
"aggravated cus i want some pizza from pizza hut " 
"okay i don't even like AT_USER AT_USER but i'm considering following them after seeing this content " 
"insteadoftrickortreating i'm going to chipotle, with my costume every damn year" 
"i swear people are starbucks are fuckin with you when they write your name on the cup. who tf spells wade waiyde" 
"anyways i'm going downtown tomorrow to personally kick every ass in a particular panera bread location" 
"ordered quarter pounder with cheese at mcdonalds majormackeniecityview it was raw please pass this around gross . 
"rt AT_USER jack in the box - someday you'll be sorry swiss jazz onair . . 
"tracking my mom to see where my mcdonalds.. deff a problem now" 
"gave yo ass a krabby patty . 
"just gonna leave this here... . 
"rt AT_USER and it makes it even worse because he decided that he had so much clout that he had to snap a pic in the middle of " 
"wendy's and wing stop just had the rap battle of the century . 
"AT_USER AT_USER racism and sexism aside, mcdonald's slivered onions are infinitely superior to whole onio . 
"AT_USER i hit return by mistake and cant stop it, so im going down to starbucks for a coffee. call me when it . 
"ich mag das AT_USER . game grumps animated - i hate subway - by brandon turner" 
"AT_USER AT_USER bruh twitter bugged for a second and your tweet had my prof pic and i was like wtf when did i tweet this? " 
"got 30 minutes to kill so i'm sitting in my car outside starbucks. wantcoffeenotcompany toomanypeople" 
"also found a bomb copy cat recipe for panda express honey walnut shrimp minus the walnuts . 
"AT_USER AT_USER no way! since when??" 
"i've always been taught to go after the things i want in life, but i don't think they meant abandon work to go buy . 
"man i really feelin mcdonalds and now you killing my vibe . 
"you go to whataburger for bites and theres no fucking bites finesse . 
"what a weirdly long miniso ppl. it's giving subway serious competition. whileyouweresleeping" 
"rt AT_USER no geico? some ads on tue night 'aftermath': advil, burger king, colgate, kia, mccafe, l'oreal, liberty mutual, sam adams" 
"destroying taco bell while blasting black sabbath " 
"AT_USER it's ceo of AT_USER here i just wanted to say thank you for making this dead twitter account" 
"that mcdonalds was bomb" 
"AT_USER when jack in the box messed up our order and made us get out the car and go inside and still pay" 
"- i take that back...rakiesha throat way 2 fire to put her behind krystal...class or not keisha had dat 5 star neck boiii " 
"rt AT_USER first of all shut the fuck up. . 
"i might lose it if i see the subway commercial one more time during this game it's gotta go" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about w . 
"AT_USER or maybe we just can't bear to see an abandoned starbucks drink on the counter?" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about what . 
"AT_USER AT_USER youre just mad you dont go to a big football school" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER when jack in the box messed up our order and made us get out the car and go inside and still pay" 
"AT_USER adt security following me to studio city starbucks to try to thug, blackmail terrorize me quiet about what i k . 
"this stupid bitch just stole my seat at starbucks" 
"rt AT_USER i cannot stand to see my parents fight . 
"rt AT_USER man i really feelin mcdonalds and now you killing my vibe . 
"a must see!!!! burger king | bullying jr. . via AT_USER 
"i know she hurt when i send her a selfie and all she comments on is the zaxbys cup in my hand " 
"also a worker in mcdonalds gave me an old pound coin as my change; erm sorry mate, that's not legal currency anymore " 
"AT_USER AT_USER dude ur crazy" 
"yepppp, this is real fucking annoying. . 
". AT_USER when i order a 6 piece nug meal i want 6 nugs not one. my kid is so mad &amp; now i gotta hear about it. should've went to AT_USER 
"'will chipotle's q3 be as bad as its queso?' sassy kween headline writer is my new dream job. . 
"i hate how when u go to chipotle they be putting the rice lik they scare..." 
"my therapists office is between kramerbooks and chipotle and every month is a dilemma to figure out where to emotionally splurge after tbh" 
"i just wrote a poem about my shitty new starbucks barista and i hope he knows" 
"rt AT_USER i just realized sm's girl group maknae line all cut their hair this year... is this some sort of pattern or what s " 
"why don't we have a panda express is cape.. it's not fair" 
"i feel very lucky during the day to be able to go to a starbucks to draw but then when i get home at night i want to die cuz no power/water" 
"people get used to their wrong spelled names on their AT_USER cups, i think spelling them right now is a new good markiting tool" 
"does checkers on ringgold rd still suck" 
"if i worked at subway i would despise those people that went through the drive thru" 
"AT_USER AT_USER nahhi just wanna mess with twitter" 
"water cause mcdonald's nasty . 
"these 5pm start times for the alcs stink! i missed 2 innings on the subway. yankees newyorkcity . 
"real shit . 
"down side about living in mount joy is there is no food... im so sick of pizza, mcdonalds and subway." 
"rt AT_USER water cause mcdonald's nasty . 
"AT_USER lead by example; stop taking your gas guzzling suv to your daily workouts in brooklyn. use the subway . 
"AT_USER hmmm...sell the kidney to pay for starbucks...or keep the kidney in order to process the starbucks . 
"the subway restaurant i worked at in hs closed and i feel like the last surviving character in a horror movie staring at the killer's corpse" 
"it physically pains me to see how gross people are.. how you gonna grip the subway pole &amp; then put ur hands in ur mouth " 
"AT_USER my name isn't starbucks but okay" 
"i hate yall im so glad ion wok at chipotle no more cuz i really used to ill on goofy ass customers lmao . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER who is crying over people not standing for a flag? it's almost as idiotic as . 
"AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER AT_USER dont forget starbucks and kelloggs cereal oh and hamilton. . 
"rt AT_USER justin mora no starbucks agora . 
"i gotta go all out the way just for some damn taco bell " 
"AT_USER AT_USER did you press the wrong button?" 
"confused , that mean its bad or its really good? . 
"AT_USER AT_USER wait wait whaaat, is that a drink??? wtf" 
"AT_USER this is fake news. starbucks' disgusting maple pecan latte ruined maple's future." 
"rt AT_USER everyone does know that starbucks coffee is trash right? the teas are bomb tho" 
"no more papa johns for me!" 
"this wendy's vs. wingstop rap battle killed it for me i'm calling wendy's the winner here . 
"idk whats up w taco bell putting these lil chicken patties on tacos. ew" 
"listen, theres a lot of other fighting going on right now. could we skip the annual fight about the design of the . 
"my mum really acting surprised and mad that i don't wanna take the bus/subway and go to uni alone lmaooooo" 
"that new kfc double down burger is a proper disappointment u kno" 
"AT_USER AT_USER they all gonna ride with luffy no matter what" 
"police say a west virginia taco bell worker sexually assaulted a 14-year-old. . . 
"rt AT_USER a d8 idea: pick me up at 1am and drive to taco bell where we'll eat food and sit on ur car looking at the stars and talking" 
"they hate me at chipotle because of this lmaoo . 
"fans regretful about upcoming demise of wrigleyville taco bell chicagocubs . . 
"rt AT_USER police say a west virginia taco bell worker sexually assaulted a 14-year-old. . . 
"look im sorry, im just stressed i have a deadline coming up on this exam. . 
"why tf panera bread gotta be so far smh" 
"me when wendys said they stopped serving spicy nuggets . 
"AT_USER theres no tutorial on how to blame mcdonalds if you clip a bollard going through a drive through. useless game this." 
"can confirm: emotionally and physically hurt . 
"the least healthy drink at starbucks will cost you nearly four days worth of sugar . 
"i know it's a wrong opinion, but it's just so shitty. pizza hut and domino's are the only decent pizzas cuz there's so much fuckin garlic." 
"AT_USER i definitely emailed to complain. this kfc is useless. always on cashier, ice cream machine isnt wor . 
"rt AT_USER just in: theres been an accident at east legon near the kfc - . . 
"there's summin wrong wi folk who hink pizza hut is better than dominos" 
"'how lazy are you?' today i ordered dominos and i live that close that they actually walked to deliver my pizza" 
"mauldinsc mcdonalds has to be the nastiest, rudest and worst i've ever seen" 
"my gma about killed us in the car and said it was my fault cause i wanted starbucks" 
"AT_USER AT_USER someone forgot to tell kfc that nashville hot means no solid bowel movements for 48 hours." 
"i don't understand the naked egg taco from taco bell. if it was a nod to low carb folks, there would be no potatoes - so what's the point?" 
"rt AT_USER scared the boy working at taco bell today. he droped baja blast down his pants... whoops " 
"qdoba damn near the play . 
"i just ordered iced coffee at del taco that's how desperate i am today" 
"rt AT_USER AT_USER more americans died of poor diet/lack of exercise than vietnam but no one's trying to ban burger king" 
"AT_USER has mel o fallin off that bad?? i use to eat a dozen long johns every saturday . i would never do that . 
"imma just leave this here . 
"i go to get something to eat only to find out some bitches went to subway without me when i've been sick all day in . 
"giant rat attacks man sleeping on the subway rt . subway funnymovies extremevideos funnyvide" 
"still boycotting nfl - matter of fact i am still boycotting starbucks, target, frito-lay, skittles, red cross, holl . 
"rt AT_USER damn. i feel like AT_USER started some crazy shit about food places roasting on twitter lmao! now we got AT_USER jo " 
