I'm not a huge mcds lover, but I've been to better ones. This is by far the worst one I've ever been too! It's filthy inside and if you get drive through they completely screw up your order every time! The staff is terribly unfriendly and nobody seems to care.
Terrible customer service. ξI came in at 9:30pm and stood in front of the register and no one bothered to say anything or help me for 5 minutes. ξThere was no one else waiting for their food inside either, just outside at the window. ξ I left and went to Chickfila next door and was greeted before I was all the way inside. This McDonalds is also dirty, the floor was covered with dropped food. Obviously filled with surly and unhappy workers.
First they "lost" my order, actually they gave it to someone one else than took 20 minutes to figure out why I was still waiting for my order.They after I was asked what I needed I replied, "my order".They asked for my ticket and the asst mgr looked at the ticket then incompletely filled it.I had to ask her to check to see if she filled it correctly.She acted as if she couldn't be bothered with that so I asked her again.She begrudgingly checked to she did in fact miss something on the ticket.So after 22 minutes I finally had my breakfast biscuit platter.As I left an woman approached and identified herself as the manager, she was dressed as if she had just awoken in an old t-shirt and sweat pants.She said she had heard what happened and said she'd take care of it.Well why didn't she intervene when she saw I was growing annoyed with the incompetence?
I see I'm not the only one giving 1 star. Only because there is not a -25 Star!!! That's all I need to say!
Well, it's McDonald's, so you know what the food is. ξThis review reflects solely on the poor service. ξI have been to this location countless times over the years. ξThey consistently fail on the service end of things. ξThe order takers tend to be rude, no smiles, and a lot of "sighs" and "lip smacking" when you talk to them. ξSo why go back you ask? This store benefits from being the only place to eat in this area. ξThe next stop is at least 12 minutes away on the other side of town. ξAlso I strongly believe in 2nd chances and know that not every business can satisfy everyone 100% of the time. ξI have given them many chances at earning a positive review. ξI could not recommend this location any less. ξIf you can wait, take a pass. ξThere are better McDonald's stores in Griffin, GA.
This has to be one of the worst and slowest McDonald's franchises there is. Can't figure out why my Egg McMuffin is always on a stale un-toasted English muffin. Bought A chocolate shake today and threw it away.
I'm not crazy about this McDonald's. ξThis is primarily because they are so slow. ξMy gosh what exactly is the hold up? ξIt's FAST food people. ξAlso, this morning, I guess the worker thought his mic was off, but it wasn't. ξI now know that he is trying to get as many hours as possible because he needs money BAD. ξSpread the word. ξAnyway, this location is on a little access road ξand you have to go back the way you came because there is no exit from it at the other end. ξIt would have helped if there was one. ξSo, in the end I think I'll avoid this location and find another. ξThis should be easy as there is no shortage of Mickey D's in this piece.
One Star and I'm beng kind. I blame management. last day of free coffee so "we" decide to stop and order breakfast and coffees thru drive-thru. She charged us for coffee and when asked why she said she needed to confirm there were two of us in the car. Now she has to clear the order and that took retraining. Ask next time at tthe speaker.Oh it gets better....We get to next window where Einstein is waiting, pours the coffees with different creams/sugars added. "Which one is which?" I asked... and he smiled and said "One has 2 cream 2 sugar and the other has 3 cream 1 sugar".. didnt maek the cups... but at least he made sure we had straws for our coffees.... Hello? management? Where are You?
Never been upset about any fast food drive thru service till I came to this McDonalds.After a long trip from California my wife and I went to McDonalds for a quick bite to eat before our drive back home. We pull up to the drive thru but there are a lot of cars waiting to order. We were guessing there must be a lot demand for McDonalds at this late hour. So we wait about 5 - 10 minutes for our turn to order. We order the specials they were having at that time (20 pcs chicken nuggets for $5) and asked for a cup of water because we didn't want to drink any sodas at that late hour. They take our order but tells us they don't serve cups of water there. So we are a little annoyed but ok we shrug it off and wait our turn to pay and receive our order. However, we wait for almost another 10 min to finally pay at the first window - then another 5 more min to finally receive our food. By far the worst McDonalds in the world. Unfriendly and slow.
This McDonald's has gotten much better. Usually my order would be wrong every single time so I would not leave that window until I checked every single item. I only hit up fast food once a month or so and it needs to be worth it. Also the fries used to be cold and the cheese on the burger was never melted. Everything was just lukewarm. Now my order has been right a few times in a row and my food hot. Also, I love dining room. Usually you wouldn't find me actually inside a fast food joint but this place has nice flooring, stacked stone, lots of large windows and a flat screen TV usually on HLN. Sometimes its nice to sneak away for a quick weekend breakfast, you know, a little budget and time friendly mommy and me date.
Let's start here only reason I came into McDonald's waste time till girlfriend flight arrives and ξfor my duaghters. I don't eat fast food ordered two happy meals slow service... While ordering my food ξa guy ask the cashier two use his cell in the middle of my order that was strike one then give me little boy toys knowing I have twin girls stabding right in front of him. Im glad I will never have to return here I live way in sandy springs.... I can see the difference between service and the staff The building it self is brand new change your staff this is Blackmac not McDonald's im black myself but telling the truth
Other businesses throughout Metro Atlanta opened their doors to stranded motorists during the Jan. 2014 snow storm. This McDonald's on Camp Creek Parkway told ξa group of senior citizens who were on the way home from an outing that they had to leave their restaurant. ξAll they cared about was the dollar. ξAfter they got that, they were done with them. ξToo bad they couldn't have made it down the street to Wendy's or Chic Fil A and other restaurants.
The drive thru makes them lost a star since my last review.This is one of those two lane drive thrus, and I know that the function of that is so that the orders are not messed up when you get to the window, but almost everytime, the cashier ends up asking me what did I order. ξI inquired about that before and was told, that when someone drives off that messes up the order.Well, I guess there's no controlling drive off, and at least I know my order has been confirmed, so it should be right by the time I get to the second window.This McDonald's, also has a late night drive thru Thur - Sat, it use to be a 24 hour on those days, but I don't think it is any longer. One of my biggest pet peeves is that the drive thru staff has no smile in their voice. When you are ordering food from the luxury of your vehicle you want to think that the person in charge of taking your order is in good spirits, but not at this location.
Believe it or not, this used to be q really good McDonalds. The drive throuh is so slow, it is frustrating but the service is always friendly. Food is normally luke warm. My niece likes the toys from McDonalds, I wonder if I pull up to the window and say, let me just get the toy, woulf service be faster?
As the previous yelpers have already stated, this place is pretty slow. The food is usually cold.. and the service....yeah. you guessed it. Poor.
25 minutes in drive through line. Gunshots from the apartments behind. ξWorst McDonald's ever!
Super slow service, food's terrible like its been sitting and then reheated. ξEverything is out, napkins, iced tea
SLOW-SLOW-SLOW! ξDon't go here if you have a flight to catch...or a life to live!!!!! ξIf you're hungry, wait until you get to the airport. ξThis particular McDonald's is just not worth your time.
On your way to the airport or just cruising down Camp Creek Pkwy? ξAre you absolutely in Love with McDonald's Sweet Tea? Well then don't ever go through this drive thru. ξHands down this is the slowest McDonald's drive thru I've experienced in Atlanta. ξConsidering this location is close to the airport it would be great if they could simply improve the quality of service. ξAs a lover of Sweet Tea, I was completely turned off by this location when I overheard the drive thru operator joking about how sweet it was a few years ago. ξShe told a few of her associates that it was like "syrup" and "liquid diabetes". By the time I took my first and only sip, I was on I-285 headed to Perimeter Mall and it tasted like cold syrup! ξThank goodness for the McDonald's near Perimeter Mall because they refilled my drink. So the moral to the story is, if you're on Camp Creek Pkwy near the airport, bypass McDonald's and head for Chick-fil-A. #EatMoreChicken
This is the worst McDonalds I have ever seen. ξThe service was terrible and the employees were either lazy or incompetent. I will never return to this establishment.
I had the McCafe Mocha and must say that it was better than drinking sand and salt water, that's about it.Too sweet and I couldn't even taste the coffee over the other weird flavors going on in this drink.Stick with the Starbucks mocha, folks. ξTrust me on this one.
GHETTO!! went in yesterday just to get a soda and could not even park in handicap parking spot because their delivery truck was blocking all spaces. ξFinally made it inside and it was about 5 customers to one cashier. The shift manager made the comment that the car that was waiting needed to be pulled up because they are holding up her line. ξNow how is that when they are waiting on their order...hell I was thinking you are holding up the customer and the others waiting.! Anyway finally placed order and was told $1.07, which I paid exact price. Here is where its sad...the cashier did not ring up the soda so therefore I did not get a receipt. I know that she planned to pocket the money, which is sad and bad because eventually that cost will get passed off to customers through price increases. I will not return here because I don't like to feel like I am in someone's "hood" and I HATE A THIEF!!! maybe I will call to tell them but then again they probably don't care or maybe even steal themselves. ξplus I do not eat fast food anyway so no need to waste precious minutes
I visited mcdonalds on Dec 20, 2011 at 12:54 I bought 3 cheese burgers 2 large fries and 2 orders of pies. ξThey charged me for 3 fries so I went back into store and told the cashier. She denied I said ξ I ordered 2 fries. ξThen manager came over and said whats the problem. I told him and he said looked into the bag, grabbed the xtra fries and lterally threw them into the waste bucket by the drive tru from the cashier . ξThen reached into cash register and gave me change for the fries. ξThen i said thank you and he said ok boss and I left. ξI then called mcdonalds people via the nimber on the website after I ate. I told then I was going to wait to yelp after I heard from McDonalds. ξStill no call or email. ξAs a side note ...Tom N. ξ(the otther yelper) is right, they are very rude there and seem bothered to help you and not at all nice to the kids. ξThe play room is sticky and the video games in ther always cause an altercation with kids and parents. ξThe only reason I gave 2 stars was because the fries were hot and the sweet potatoe fries were good and warm.
I usually hit the drive thru once or twice a week for breakfast. A lot of times the forget to include the hash brown if I order a meal. If I order hot cakes they usually forget either butter or utinsils prompting me to have to go inside. The food is also very inconsistent.
What a joke.Don't do take out as you will not get anything that you ordered. We prefers and paid for items only to get home with 50% of the order accurate. I've been there numerous times and sadly the same thing happens. It's my fault because I should learn.Does anyone know the owner?I can't believe that he would like this comment. Woodstock Macdonalds is not the place that Ray Crock invented. Save yourself the frustration and waste if money, don't go there!I've learned now.
I wish I can give zero stars. Freezing cold reheated soggy fries and twice fried chewy nuggets = straight to my trash can.
I agree with most reviewers on this one. Staff is always rude and annoyed that you're there!!1 I travel weekly to Atlanta Hartsfield Airport and this McDonald's never has fresh hot coffee at 4:30/5:00 AM. Always have to wait while they brew coffee, WTH!!
I don't think this location deserves even one star. ξThis is the filthiest McDonalds I have ever visited. ξI have been to hundreds of different McDonalds in numerous states as well as 19 foreign countries. I went to this location on 3/29/12 for breakfast. ξThe first thing I noticed was that the floor was sticky. (A previous reviewer made a similar comment about the play area.) When I noticed this, I said to myself, "this isn't right." ξThen when I looked for a place to sit, I spotted all the debris in the seat crevices and the floor. There were also flies in the dining area which I had to repeatedly brush off my food. ξAs for the food, it seemed OK, except, this was the first time ever that I was given cold syrup for my hotcakes at a McDonalds..
This is one rude Mcdonalds! The food takes longer to prepare than any other Macdonalds I have ever been to. The people working there always seem annoyed like you are bothering them just by being there. I avoid this mc d's whenever I can.
the managers at this mcdonalds are awesome but some of the workers are lazy. ξoverall an average mcdonalds. ξafter visiting it and some other once i realized that this one is really average. ξthe only thing good about this one is that the management is awesome and its across the street from my house so i can sit around and study till midnight and no one bothers me.
It had been a while since I had stopped at this particular one. ξThey have done a total remodel and it looks fairly fresh. ξStopped by about ξ10-11pm and went through drive thru. ξI thought I'd try a new McWrap. ξGot a fry and a spicy chick along with that. ξ I was asked to pull up after sitting at the window for a few minutes and they would bring me ξmy order. ξThat is fine, except about 15 minutes later I'm still waiting. ξSo I go to check what is going on and end up waiting another 5 minutes. ξ It appeared I wasn't the only one that had a long wait in drive thru as well. ξ McWrap - I was disappointed. ξLooked like a wrap that had grilled chicken sprinkle with some mixed greens, then had sweet and sour sauce dumped in it.
Disorganized. ξDidn't even get to order. Employees were hanging out with friends out front.
This has got to be one of the busiest McDonald's in the metro area ... if not the southeast ... and they are fairly efficient despite being so busy all the time.You can come by just about any time of the day and find the line of cars for the "drive-thru" wrapped around the building...It's generally more efficient to go into the building and place your order than wait in the line of cars spewing smog... and since the building is open 24 hours now that should make it easy to get your McFix...good job, Clairmont McDonald's!
