"i eat so much potatoes that i'm starting to look like a giant potato..... with blonde hair"
"user lots of cooking. steaks, potatoes, lots of bacon-y things."
"user user growing his own potatoes"
"rt user one year of eating only potatoes, this guy transformed his body into something amazing .
"dinner special! 12oz prime rib, mashed potatoes and mixed veggies. $22 try it with our polka party oktoberfest! .
"every tweet in this ss is about potatoes .
"rt user makin mashed potatoes out that ass .
"rt user corn makes whiskey. wheat makes beer. grapes makes wine. potatoes make vodka. can't get drunk without farmers. merica. na"
"user user you are attracted to potatoes humble yourself"
"young mashed potatoes .
"poor people real life. one pound of beef, a bag of potatoes and a bag of rice can feed you for a week."
"chicken, potatoes, cotija bacon japanese mayo corn puree, basil oil, and pineapple chipotle .
"white girls make chicken dumplings the best and dutch pies and bomb mash potatoes so don't say they can't cook homie let me tell you lol"
"please rt! recipes food dessert tofu &amp;038; beet pancakes, gluten-free . .
"wow did i really just make mashed potatoes"
"rt user singing about sweet potatoes in the form of hoobastank with hemmotron user ashtons instagram story .
"rt user if i could just eat potatoes from wallys in beverly hills every day i would be so happy"
"best distracting crowd calls ever: light the candle! &amp; mashed potatoes! what a way to make golf not so quiet and bo .
"me: babe, can you peel these potatoes? user i need music playing *music plays* c'mon get your game onnn "damn it babe!" "
"rt user 146. ) i have to restart my potatoes .
"user fried potatoes from this mediterranean spot i go to"
"user user ok but true, us fighting for the mashed potatoes on thanksgiving"
"cheesy potatoes make my knees weak.. "
"looking like mash potatoes lol im good .
"rt user looking like mash potatoes lol im good .
"selfhelp,#survival,#tools this titanium coated pen drops a 300lb attacker like a sack of potatoes .
"feeling like the mash potatoes to the main steak @ "
"breakfast is ready! soyrizo. potatoes. black beans. tacos. whatveganseatforbreakfast .
".user flashback. my 2011 interview with the legendary roger earl; how he pairs rock 'n roll with wine. .
"vegan cherry cheesecake bars from user fridgg chia vegan cashews dessert healthy cherries .
"rt user when user orders a cheeseburger at mcdonalds and it comes back with lettuce. .
"rt user in 15 minutes, you could be biting into piping hot, low-carb pizza! .
"here at salad farm, we offer over 40 varieties of salads, soups, panini sandwiches, quesadillas and baked potatoes. .
"go get three little caesars pizzas a case of cheap waters ( the little ones so they are not wasted) and grapes do for twenty to 25 $ you..."
"the pawns are falling, but everyone is waiting for the meat and potatoes. .
"this turkey bacon and egg white sandwhich tastes like fucking cardboard. i want a double smoked bacon and cheddar croissant rn "
"rt user get u someone who thinks ur gorgeous even when u look like a sack of potatoes"
"vegetarian burrito: spinach, eggs, hash browns, cheese and garlic me: this doesnt sound to bad -takes a bite me: it only tastes like garlic"
"rt user i have to restart my potatoes .
"rt user ashton sang about sweet potatoes on his story and ive never heard anything more beautiful about sweet potatoes user user
"rt user im thankful for all the different ways i can eat potatoes"
"user waddling potatoes."
"rt user good news cherry cheesecake can and should be eaten in chimichanga form. finished product on sunday is gonna be les "
"why is everyone in my office looking at me like they haven't seen a "i got mashed potatoes" dance before?"
"this fall, be sure to include sweet potatoes in your diet. they are high in vitamin a, which helps prevent dry mout .
"user yep! that's what i do. zucchini is the easiest. have yet to master sweet potatoes and beets."
"rt user madeinfrance wineandcheese night with user winophiles fall harvest ifbc17 placercounty apples "
"rt user i don't want low-fat avocados, because those would be potatoes. or cucumbers. dummies. .
"this is a crepe you uncultured swine .
"rt user calling all couch potatoes! which tv show had/has your favorite ensemble cast? podfix podernfamily user htt"
"craving babys pineapple upside down pancakes "
"last week i had a cone full of mashed potatoes &amp; its the happiest ill ever be .
"i want sauteed and seasoned potatoes smothered in avocado."
"sweet potato heaven ms lori user .
"rt user help so my cousin got upset after reading a fan fiction where harry styles dies and now she's been peeling potatoes "
"itz almost about that ... i got beans greens potatoes tomatoes lamb rams hot dogz you name it.. time "
"traderjoes chicken breakfast sausage, applewood smoked bacon, spinach and cheddar frittata with .
"sweet potato pancakes with saut kale and mushrooms. anything goes in this house when it comes .
"grilled some chicken tenders to top a salad. yes, i said the s word. chicken chickentenders .
"steak &amp; shrimp, baked potato or homemade mash potatoes, vegetable, homemade soup or salad, our own honey butter &amp; hawaiian rolls $15.95"
"potatoes and eggs all i need keep that swine"
"rt user the potatoes we gather are a gift, our arms to heaven lovingly we lift. r. sieczkiewicz j. bastien-lepage octo "
"user unless it has something to do with an easy way to wash potatoes (a bowl of water with baking soda in it) .
""russia barely even has enough potatoes for the winter..." -tucker"
"rt user sweet potatoes always put a smile on my face"
"this font is fugly. and i hate potatoes so good morning back .
"do you ever just take a minute to step back and wonder why sometimes we all feel like a bunch of potatoes"
"user user so we can mash them into our hash browned potatoes, craeiouyfty!"
"our ever popular homemade chicken pot pie with your choice of homemade soup or salad, hawaiian rolls with homemade honey butter $12.95"
"the first time i bit into a french fry i was 4 years old and very upset exclaimed "mom! there are potatoes in these .
"create your own italian specialty pizza by adding toppings such as pepperoni, mushrooms, extra cheese, sausage, bl .
"take your own advice and block me instead of checking my page every 5 minutes xd haters gon hate. potatoes gon potate"
"prepping roasted sweet potatoes, butternut squash, last of the baby zucchini, sunchoke, .
"the one with chicken, corn and mashed potatoes &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; .
"nope. dough sauce cheese pepperoni that is all. .
"today's foodiefriday theme is "fall comfort" and this chai banana bread looks pretty comforting! .
"icymi: retail view: dont forget the 10-pound bag of potatoes . .
"farmer's frittata. fresh vegetables, herbs, diced potatoes, cheddar and provolone cheese. served open face with tom .
"rt user how may ca wildfires affect grape and wine supply and markets? user . photo of lodi "
"rt user burritos and doughnuts have now taken over the important role that potatoes used to play in the irish diet"
"baking for today. new york cheesecake, chocolate apricot torte and, of course, bread! tortes cake slowfood .
"user user im your huckleberry! *me...tasting of mashed potatoes*"
"fbf buttermilk whole wheat oat pancakes with caramelized bananas and toasted macadamia nuts... yummy! foodporn .
"rt user this is a crepe you uncultured swine .
"fueling up for the weekend with these fried chicken and mashed potatoes sliders from .
"thinking about potatoes .
"babes mashed potatoes "
"rt user when your parents text you saying that youve got pizza for dinner but when you get home you see that is a pizza w "
"the 96 most delish ways to eat potatoes .
"i love potatoes so much"
"*alone at jollibee &amp; orders 6 pc chicken, lrg spaghetti, mashed potatoes, 4 burgers* for here or to go?"
"i spank my potatoes, but gently and with consent."
"honestly plaza bonita is pretty intimidating but i'm thankful for potatoes corner and wetzel pretzel "
"my lunch 10/13/2017 11:40am whole wheat pita bread,3 eggs(#no yolk),#extra virgin olive oil,#jalapeo, .
"user do you ever sit on the floor dressed as a walrus and question existence while eating mashed potatoes made from strawberries??"
"rt user potatoes are cool tho -versatile (~3.75 billion ways to cook) -resilient (minus that 1 famine) -can light up your world (can c"
"user thank you i wish everyone saw these minor accidents as potatoes like you do."
"mini swedish meatballs and mashed potatoes .
"the beard legion welcomes you with open arms and bowls of mashed potatoes. .
"luckily, i noticed before i bit into the piece and plucked the sausage pieces off, but like...c'mon man. it's a. veggie pizza."
"user thats me i love potatoes"
""our dates involve less innuendo, more potatoes. marriedlife" shittmoneysays"
"sauteed sweet potatoes! healthyfood healthyeats foodie recipe recipes foodshare . .
"rt user i want some fried potatoes and cinnamon rolls"
"user user yum. that reminds me i also have potatoes to use..."
"rt user okay guys, its time to have a chat about this advert for potatoes on the tube. [thread] .
"literally just gonna eat mashed potatoes for dinner. i dont care anymore lol"
"rt user "i enjoy pancakes too!" said the thing that looked like her son, but cherry knew something was wrong. .
"we thought some basic knowledge about the german's favorite side is interesting. potatoes knowledge .
"i came back from amsterdam w memory loss, adoration for the dutch &amp; a craving for cheese. they rock circulareconomy .
"whats cooking? tarlets served with chicken and asparagus sauce, bread with italian salad and .
"rt user i really thought this was a king cake...man i'm ready for mardi gras .
"apple pie cake 6 in-2 layer spice cake filled with cinnamon apples, topped with cream cheese frosting and more... .
"what was on the menu for the first meal eaten in space by an american astronaut? a. mashed potatoes b.... .
"rt user 9. i have to restart my potatoes .
"kale and pea pesto!! add to pasta, chicken, fish, potatoes, works with anything and is soooo good! .
"today's meal plan. simply seared snapper ...crispy brusselsprouts buttery baked potatoes. .
"my banana pudding and mashed potatoes were a hit"
"user user i love their biscuits and mashed potatoes"
"weightloss with penn jillette eating...potatoes ??! check it out! . .
"rt user pancakes covered in chocolate and bananas. .
"french onion pork chops and potatoes via user .
"it's a savory and delicious topping for your potatoes or as a spread for toast. . .
"rt user user come on down here and talk like that!! you'll be eating mashed potatoes and soup for bout 6 weeks lol"
"user loves it! he just doesnt like fruit yet, only veggies, rice, chicken and potatoes"
"rt user i'm so desperate for crabs, corn , eggs , potatoes &amp; sausages "
"whip up theseveggie lover's spaghetti squash pizza boats for a low-carb + gluten-free pizza night o .
"user jeff, jeff come on. weinstein is small potatoes. when are you going to go after the real criminals .
"darios pizza thank you for never changing &amp;making me the pizza slut i am today (l: chicken ca .
"rt user please rt recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe creamy bacon chive hasselback potatoes "
"rt user chicken pasta - super tasty! the garlic, bacon, mushrooms + white wine add so much flavour . "
"i really like potatoes."
"fries with queso dip, bacon bits, tomato &amp; cheddar, fishtacos, &amp; crabcakes user lovefl .
"rt user crawfish corn &amp; potatoes .
"i hands down make the best cheesy mashed potatoes. cause even my momma said so "
"rt user have potatoes ever done you wrong?"
"imagine kfc 'famous bowl' w' kfc chicken and mashed potatoes, subtract the corn and add boston market macaroni and cheese ....."
"french fries and hash browns are so bomb and taste different but they're the same thing!! potatoes"
"rt user my honey bun sugar plum cookie dough chocolate covered donut w sprinkles on top stawberry shortcake pumpkin munchki "
"smothered chicken , homade mashed potatoes , and green beans sundaydinner"
"these mashed potatoes are good as fuck lmaooo"
"rt user they all look so cool i cant believe these r the same losers who got mad bcos they didnt get sweet potatoes during "
"amy, youre so sweet, if people dont like u its as if they didnt like pizza or mashed potatoes! theyre crazy not to like you! "
"user but now i want mashed potatoes"
"veggies are always a good go to for paleo options! you want to avoid starchy vegetables, such as potatoes. .
"rt user step up your holiday game with user twist on sweet mashed potatoes: .
"thanks user now i want jello. listening to in the weeds with ben randall (episode 100: death potatoes) .
"it's that time of year again! caramel apples, cornucopias filled with cookies!! crumb cake!! call to place an order 630-862-9421"
"user i'll have my potatoes money-lined. .
"slow cooker sausage, potato and cabbage: . via user
"fried eggs and mashed potatoes for brekkie. "
"hot sauce on my potatoes. it was served with.... ketchup! ewe .
"user bacon &amp; eggs, avocado w anything, steak, broccoli w cheese, cheeseburger no bun, dark chocolate, pe .
"rt user afternoon music lovers in position user coming up after gambo with couch potatoes, 5 o'clock freak out &amp; chat with g"
"user ever fry leftover mashed potatoes?"
"rt user i wish mashed potatoes loved me back."
"think i want a steak and fried potatoes"
"user horseradish mashed potatoes?? yes please!!you know me so well my little punkin. "
"user thanks, unfortunately no nut butters allowed but sweet potatoes are good. i got apple butter so maybe ill try that!"
"rt user bacon wrapped cheesesteak meatloaf. pretty, but i'm toolazy. . keto lowcarb pork meat ketoge"
"stuffed chicken breast with spinach roasted red peppers goat cheese and garlic. wrapped in bacon. .
"user the life of a potato is very busy ill have you know. i have work to do, like avoiding becoming mashed potatoes and such"
"before and after. apple and asian pear upside down cake, for a friends dessert potluck birthday party. .
"what are you going to bones for for drinks and potatoes "
"rt user if you don't put garlic and cheese and cream and salt and lots of black pepper in your mashed potatoes you're a fucking b"
"oven baked potatoes ingredients:potatoes butter seasoning non stick spray procedure:preheat oven at 350 .
"user user user also, i'm about to eat vegan cheese on pizza in a second so suck my ve .
"user user user user gross, but only because i never ate bacon even when i was .
"with it's apples and spices this harvest cake will give you a taste of fall with every bite! dessert recipe .
"user potatoes and molasses amiriteladies"
"rt user im going to have a bunch of sweet potatoes this year! well,... i hope but its good for now! .
"great lunch (pot roast w/ mashed potatoes) and exceptional service! .
"chrysanthemum cherry cheesecake. im alliterative. .
"lamb and cheesy bake potatoes cooking with sco (book) walmart food foodporn foodie .
"user big steaks and potatoes"
""when i said i wanted mashed potatoes i meant cheese sticks" user "
"user and some sweet potatoes and cornbread"
"i miss when rangers twitter was arguing about glass being in the lineup. seems like small potatoes compared to this"
"rt user i really enjoy drawing us as potatoes. .
"travelsgenius: rt southern_living: here's how to grow your own sweet potatoes in a container: . "
"rt user oh thank god. mashed potatoes face is gracing us with his opinions. what would we do without them? .
"ground elk; loose, hot, italian, pork sausage; bacon! stuffed peppers and roasted cauliflower .
"tonights special: veal &amp; lobster saut, fresh asparagus &amp; mashed potatoes oh my! .
"rt user i was so hungry all day didn't cheat on diet even when i was in front of donuts coffee water then some turkey brocc "
"i have no self control when it comes to mashed potatoes"
"for the men: dont clean your dick with mashed potatoes. thanks for the info, user .
"mashed potatoes and mickey mouse - life is good .
"this vegan food i swear is rockinggg!!! i swear i want y'all to try my walnut tacos and purple potatoes"
"ate chicken and mashed potatoes for dinner. chicken mashedpotatoes dinner"
"watching old user vlogs &amp; i finally found a person who doesn't like potatoes. user too! i knew i lik .
"watch: you should be putting this in your mashed potatoes .
"user giveaway the potatoes"
"perfect day for a soup special! roasted tempeh, sweet potatoes, baby portabellos, onions, .
"baked mac and cheese? disgusting sweet potatoes? disgusting mashed potatoes? eh ham and turkey? ewwww collard greens? vomit"
"was feeling like absolute crap this morning. had a craving for mashed potatoes and gravy. ate some (a whole bowl). .
"rt user *switches the place cards so i'm sitting next to the mashed potatoes*"
"rt user why isnt there a restaurant that just serves all different types of ways to eat potatoes, i am willing to pay good money"
"user user obama was for giving away the country 8 years of couch potatoes is over!!!!"
"wait waffles? pancakes too? now that's what i call a taco [dies] .
"my mom's broccoli rabe and italian sausage pizza pizza food foodporn yummy love dinner salsa recipe .
"who the hell says smashed potatoes instead of mashed?"
"35 recipes starring sweet potatoes . fitness healthy .
"sorghum oven pancake with pear . .
"roasted broccoli pasta with roasted garlic goat cheese sauce . .
"whole30 instant pot mexican stuffed sweet potatoes user . paleorecipes whole30recipes healthyrecipes paleo"
"i be putting cheese bacon and sour cream on my baked potatoes shit be loaded"
"popeyes for a late lunch let's see what this popcorn chicken mash potatoes french fries and a biscuit does fridayfeeling"
"super surprise. friend loves this german wine. was going to give it a try in dish she was making. never made it ca .
"user mashed potatoes are amazing-er"
"harissa potatoes over garlicky kale . .
"black bean salad with roasted sweet potatoes . .
"user never, coons aint cooking my plate. i need auntie maxines greens, not ray lewis mashed potatoes.."
"user user guys my obsession with mashed potatoes lately is bad"
"rt user user never, coons aint cooking my plate. i need auntie maxines greens, not ray lewis mashed potatoes.."
"day 1: bacon egg and cheese, 3 hash browns, tenders &amp; fries, 2 bags of chips, poutine, bowl of cereal, mash potatoes and chicken."
"join us tomorrow, october 14th, at user liquors &amp; fine wines from 1-4pm to taste our american dry gin, beach p .
"rt user oprah has her own line of mashed potatoes &amp; mac &amp; cheese? or pasta or something. idk i only saw the commercial. it was all"
"user potatoes r nice "
"baked chicken and potatoes in a white wine cream sauce. cooking homecooking lovecooking .
"rt user these oven-fried drumsticks can be coated in breadcrumbs, chips, cheese crackers, wasabi peas, corn flakes. name it "
"i just made instant mashed potatoes wrong... this is why i hate cooking"
"i wanna go on an applebee's date because i want garlic mashed potatoes"
"what? porkchop with butternut squash mashed potatoes, glazed carrots and a red wine cranberry .
"homemade keto/low carb pizza. tastes great and is super easy to make. crust is cauliflower rice, mozzarella cheese .
"mattresses made from the same kinds of bags our potatoes came in, stuffed with corn husks. i had an awesome conversation with someone"
"user we didnt even get pizza, we got pizza roll which was hamburger roll with tomato sauce and american cheese"
"how tf do people eat sweet potatoes"
"user what did irish people eat before they culturally appropriated potatoes from the inca?"
"i-need-to-use-these-apples-before they-spoil pie. baking cooking food recipes cake desserts win cookies .
"i washed two pots, two pans, scrubbed the potatoes, washed the cutting board,and all the other stuff. so she better be happy!"
"purples potatoes! wow. whole foods are good for you and highly processed, not so much. healthyrecipes nutrition .
"i found a place that gives great seafood and the corn and potatoes are added!!!"
"eggplant lasagna, veggie hot dogs and pickles, sweet potato fries, and coffee"
"made breaded chicken, asparagus, and mashed potatoes this evening for dinner .
"user david crosby, like the finest wine. the more it ages, the better it gets. sky trails is a product o .
"date night part 1: fried chicken and potato salad paired with a rye manhattan - at one of our .
"smoked paprika potato spinach salad with homemade blue cheese dressing . .
"sausage, potato, and spinach sheet-pan dinner (grain-free) . .
"he mispelled potatoes not potato .
"wide potatoes girls_last_tour # .
"user sweet potatoes are a fucking delicacy"
"cute potatoes bathing stitches girls_last_tour # .
"baked potato, salad, shrimp &amp; fish! dindin feelthereal playing user
"to your stomach, all potatoes are mashed....."
"if u drown ur fries in ketchup or other sauces, ur evil. sauces on the side, let the potatoes breathe &amp; let their flavour and texture shine"
"rt user if your favorite part of fall is the sweet potatoes, we have you covered! .
"chitting potatoes gives them a head start . .
"user in lic serves up a delicious brunch omelet with a side of the most perfect potatoes! .
"user dog lmaoooo curry potatoes wild passive aggressive"
"user pizza mozarella sticks fries veggie burgers donuts ice cream excuse me"
"teriyaki salmon with sriracha cream sauce and cookies and cream brownies topchefstatus .
"we are still outdoors! lots of good eating to do at this time of year! bread, butter, jam, potatoes, greens,... .
"user so ummm how about that bowl of potatoes? user priceless"
"user love their steaks, salads, baked potatoes and bloomin onion!"
"rt user on today's . growing delicious, clean and blemish-free potatoes from straw - see how this pro "
"curry chicken dumplings sweet potatoes and a salad ... bedtime gotta a 16 hour work day .
"user user user i love potatoes"
"been drinking and i'm so hungry man, finna cook me a garlic butter rib eye with garlic butter shrimp and mash potatoes"
"user user user and so are potatoes that are turned into fries or tater tots"
"if you have old potatoes, throw them away...they could kill you . .
"making some fried potatoes .
"rt user what's your favorite way to eat sweet potatoes? nutrition sweetpotatoes .
"user not in my potatoes."
"apple galette...perfect fall baking inspiration, especially on nationaldessertday! getgrizzly .
"today we helped harvest sweet potatoes that will be cured and canned for local food pantries. never stop serving! .
"did you know nc grows the largest number of sweet potatoes in the country? enjoy this recipe: . nationaldessertday"
"rt user did you know nc grows the largest number of sweet potatoes in the country? enjoy this recipe: . nati"
"spent the morning harvesting sweet potatoes with my user students and learning specialists. it was a great .
"[me at panera bread] .
"user the potatoes have eyes"
"this chicken bacon ranch layer salad . via user
"this weekend's specials are phenomenal. deep fried pork cutlets with mashed potatoes and chuckwagon corn. sausage a .
"rt user maple roasted sweet potatoes. foodkoma vegetables eat .
"i sit down and he places my plate in front of me.it was steak, potatoes and salad.i was bout to try the potatoes and tia eats off my plate."
"bacon cheeseburgers and crispypotatoes . .
"rt user sea potatoes-not so tasty with cheese &amp; beans but commonly found buried in sandy beaches around the uk, related to "
" hole foods . . : the dirty bagel grilled turkey, bacon herb cream cheese, smoked .
"creamy potatoes with cheese and tomatoes .
"rt user its a fucking tesseract you swine. .
"sweet potatoes sophie .
"breakfast egg over easy potatoes diced, sausage or ham. my blog breakfast any oneat theupscalekitchen and fb .
"oh hey - a sale on potatoes. ffxiv .
"pear, blue cheese, &amp; walnut flatbread on martin's party potato rolls! . .
"rt user internet: some reaaaal bad takes out there this morning, you have what it takes to top them? apple: hold my beer "
"cooking potatoes is always tricky cause i like them overly crispy"
"rt user so far, sweet potatoes haven't been the most exciting thing for ya lun and xi lun ... . "
"ribs, crispy sweet potatoes, and erasto's slaw from user .
"made some british food for my friend user sirloin steak with garlic mashed potatoes, .
"crock pot cream cheese chicken ingredients 3 lbs of chicken pieces 1 (2/3ounce) package italian salad dressing... .
"update: finally got mashed potatoes .
"instant pot candied sweet potatoes . via user
"rt user peach cinnamon oatmeal cheesecake bars! peaches, cinnamon, cheesecake and oatmeal cookie! yum! "
"full of potatoes, cheese, vodka, &amp; caffeine. the 4 food groups user
"rt user fries are just potatoes that went through puberty."
"we wish we had a photo of the rich, caramelized bananas foster sauce that went on the pancakes today, but we... .
"user doing scoopski potatoes is probably the funniest episode ever on user
"at a bar alone 2.0: eating grilled cheese &amp; tomato bisque, drinking glass of wine &amp; watching baseball. get you a girl who can do both."
"pork chops &amp; mashed potatoes with maple-stewed collard greens blueapron .
"rt user hope when im buried i burst out of my coffin and glide through the ground catching raw potatoes in my gullet like kri"
"yallllll idr last night at all and how is there mashed potatoes in my hair "
"get my delicious fried peach dessert pizza recipe here: . .
"rt user barbie dolls dont give unrealistic expectations for girls, but mr potato heads give unrealistic expectations for potato"
"user 4 months we started with sweet potatoes slowly after our doctor said we should."
"user those potatoes sound good! we make some kind of similar to that, but we don't put them in the microwave to start with."
"user young sweet potatoes."
"any word on oprah's potatoes yet? user
"im sitting in my kitchen, alone, in the dark eating mashed potatoes"
"i just want a fat steak with mashed potatoes and rolls, sheesh."
"rt user haters gonna hate! potatoes gonna potate! (:"
"rt user people out here fr not liking sweet potatoes? lol wild"
"rt user newborn white babies look like some mf sweet potatoes "
"rt user .user w/ recipes for her signature cheesesteak nachos &amp; loaded baked potatoes! perfect for football fans "
"there's nothing better in this world than sweet corn on mashed potatoes hallelujer"
"im really cooking grilled shrimps loaded mash potatoes and corn at damn near 1 in the morning "
"rt user we stopped in huntsville, tx and ate at potato shack. over 30 plus potatoes .
"i just ate 4 pounds of crawfish with 3 potatoes and two corns and im hungry again"
"rt user old-time american desserts - pineapple cake recipes . comfortfood"
"rt user certified organic red potatoes being served today from fredonia, tx. yum! user texasgrown eatyourveggies "
"user i deleted it but yea bitch couch potatoes"
"rt user couch potatoes bitch i'm dying lmao .
"rt user omg baked potatoes 2 for $20 or $25 deals available right now!! 13815 south post oak rd let's eat!! .
"everyone has a pizza dance. today's slices are fried eggplant and sausage &amp; garlic. .
"how "you'd even be pretty if you did your hair and wore makeup!" small potatoes, maybe, but come fucking on. 6/"
"rt user everyone has a pizza dance. today's slices are fried eggplant and sausage &amp; garlic. .
"beef roast, fried cabbage with bacon and onions, and golden potatoes. what you got for lunch?"
"love him for everything he does for me, and he knows my love for mash potatoes .
"purple potatoes may do more than add a pop of color to your plate. these vibrant tubers might also help ward off... .
"user corn tortillas! potatoes, chicken tenders are cheaper than breasts and cook faster, rice, frozen ve .
"they buy us a fancy lunch every friday! today we are eating london broil with cognac sauce, green beans, mashed potatoes, and salad "
"i'm allergic to something in my breakfast taco but i have no self control. just know that if i die i died happy &amp; full of spicy potatoes."
"user im so excited! is it sad that i'm more excited about the mashed potatoes? "
"i just cooked potatoes,corn, sausage, and shrimp all by myself "
"rt user user mashed potatoes are life thooo."
"biscuits &amp; gravy w|bacon, sausage &amp; fried sweet apples the perfect breakfast "
"rt user there are so many amazing ways to eat potatoes. it's awesome i'm thankful for this life filled with potatoes"
"can dogs eat pumpkins, sweet potatoes and nuts? .
"i can eat potatoes every single day of my life "
"i'm soo hungry right now that i'm starting to smell things. because the office smells like salisbury steak &amp; mashed potatoes"
"oh my, drooling over these sweet potatoes! .
"user or, move on to steak and potatoes... that is sure to cure the hunger."
"rt user user in any form, potatoes and bread will kill me "
"corn , sausage &amp; potatoes everyday "
"user i think i'd be happy with a sack of potatoes. a different irregularly shaped potato for every shot, just like her irregular head."
"wheat growing quite well outside of portland maine rotational crop for sweet corn &amp; potatoes user .
"rt user mashed potatoes are seriously so good."
"its not a meal without potatoes - some random truck i just drove by. best quote ive ever seen."
"introducing the solo! 1/2 pound of dungeness (1 cluster) 6 peel and eat shrimp corn (1) potatoes (2) sausage (1)... .
"lemme tell yall who makes the best steak and potatoes bruh"
"i love potatoes"
"rt user today's eat is full of sweet italian sausage, potatoes, kale, bacon, and cheese. check out user recipe! "
"country fried beef steak with cream gravy, broccoli with cheese sauce and black eyed peas @ .
"i'll stick to the rolls with mashed potatoes and ham .
"friday lunchh craving. lamadeleinecafe's chicken caeser salad, fresh bread and butter ..when i .
"rt user this font is fugly. and i hate potatoes so good morning back .
"i bet those mashed potatoes aren't even homemade either...lmfao alright im gonna shut up it ain't that serious "
"fav soda .
"fried chicken, potatoes, corn, green beans for dinner "
"why are potatoes so delicious in every form "
"bitch.. you built like mashed potatoes... and smell like last week's casserole. headahh"
"i'd like to take a nude bath with warm mashed potatoes &amp; gravy filling the tub. .
"rt user boiled potatoes. # girls_last_tour anime .
"cheesecake factory steak &amp; mash potatoes &amp; green beans top 5, i literally go by myself &amp; dont care haha."
"user ...no, god, no porn of the innocent sweet pure potatoes, please"
"user my shopping spree today: pinot noir, sweet potatoes, quinoa, combat boots (pleather/vegan), cushion made .
"emily's heirloom pound cakes 3439 lorna lane hoover, alabama birminghamblackcom nbgnetwork nationalblackguide .
"yeah but youd also be missing out on cheese .
"rt user hope you enjoy the pizza guys i know u all were waiting for a while! love you so much, see u soon! .
"i tried to tell him not to bc it was weird but he was like "just take it, it's like cheese filled breadsticks" "
"why not have a flight of beer at vecchia? .
"rt user pizza accepts you for who you are"
"rt user i was breaking bread w bitches that was shady .."
"user hey gavin. do you like banana bread? if so, i'll make you some and bring it to the show in nashville."
"miki where did the cookies go"
"things ive done today: woken up too early to clean the campus, taken a 3 hour nap, ate too much pizza, &amp;was called into work 2 hours early"
"where will the robin hood beer and cider festival move to while nottingham castle is being redeveloped? - nottingh .
"user sorry, cant talk. on my way to give an abortion to an effigy of trump at some pizza place."
"rt user fuck your fitness photos. im gonna start posting photos before and after eating a whole pizza."
"user user i was thinking the same thing! joe you taking a pic? selecting an instagram filter? ordering a pizza?"
"rt user twitter peaked at an account where birds could tweet by pecking at bacon fat on a keyboard . .
"rt user can't. making sweet love to a box of powdered donuts."
"not sure if i should get beer drunk or jameson drink tonight on this party bus? user user user
"we're at ci ci's pizza. i've missed you.. and your cinnamon rolls user .
"rt user "all that pizza and that's what he wanna eat, that's love " .
"rt user im covered in bread dust"
"user user i'd follow you anywhere julie. all the way to the bread line."
"rt user dreamland ribs, chicken, baked beans, mac and cheese, banana pudding. rolllsu rollbama"
"rt user i'm eating cake. the best chocolate cake! i'm the president, so they have to keep bringing me cake!!! nationaldesser"
"that auburn fan sitting in the backseat w/ bama fans in the user ad needs to check those chicken tenders for poison. justsayin"
"rt user a monopoly on the importation &amp; sale of tea in the colonies? in this economy? hold my beer. ~samuel adams"
"rt user [1793] louis xvi: the peasants have no bread marie antoinette: let them eat cake {later} peasant: how do i make a"
"rt user donut tunnel stuffed cake a cake made with stuffed donuts? oh ya, get down with ya bad self. recipe: "
"rt user [ wwi ] us: come on you sons of bitches, do you wanna live forever? french: let them eat cake us: no! scarier fr: no ch"
"rt user cheese lovers, this curd is for you! user has officially declared october 15th as national cheesecurdday! "
"rt user *friday the 13th doesn't scare me anymore* mike myers - hold my beer..."
"rt user crawfish and shrimp cheese fries from tasty treat restaurant in new orleans. .
"join the panera bread team! see our latest job opening here: . parttime cashier decatur, al veterans hiring"
"user okay now. hold on. there is a place here that makes a taco pizza. that, sure. anything else tho? mmmm no."
"rt user boycottnflsponsors boycotthollywood boycottnfl boycottthenfl user user shit beer, shit management w "
"just bought cookie dough to makes cookies w my booo prob just gonna eat the cookie dough tho"
"rt user me: im terrified of snakes! cleopatra: hold my beer."
"user i dont either mel, but i will think some days about a glass of wine or a cold beer too. i figured it was .
"rt user good 'ole toasted cheese. .
"rt user pre-debut mark tuan playing beer pong? yes .
"rt user don't take people for granted. take them for ice cream or a beer or glass of wine instead."
"brisket topped bacon burger and 4 wings is our special for the game. @ sidetracks music hall .
"user i would wait outside her door too for bacon."
"still excellent. - drinking a vern's wheat wine ale by user at user .
"how far away do you have to be for a special insulated delivey bag to make a difference in your pizza delivery experience? an hour?"
"rt user tuesday, oct 15 see user user cakes. for free on . promoc"
"if cake, cookies, or ice cream can't fix your problems, ask yourself... is this really a problem that needs fixing? nationaldessertday"
"so i can't throw a pizza on the roof now? .
"tiger treats, pimento cheese and corn dog bites--it must be gameday. wareagle auvslsu @ the .
"user i don't have cheese puffs a playstation or gta lol i'm learning to pick my battles"
"bacon, thats really it .
"user imagine how the guy who bought pizza feels tho."
"rt user when its just you and a box of pizza .
"rt user dl 19 year old been trying to give me that young dick for a minute. i finally let him get the cakes. "
"when the guy grating cheese at olive garden pauses and looks at you.. .
"in the mood for cheese tacos"
"all i smell is weed roasting and bacon cooking... its gunna be a good saturday!!!! cookies bacon weed food"
"rt user lemme get that pizza... boneless this will never get oldshhs .
"rt user cookies &amp; cream cheesecake cookies .
"no one told me how exhausting chuck e. cheese was"
"rt user as long as lsu got coach o death valley be more like chuck e cheese....."
"rt user beer for breakfast just shows you how i have won in life or failed whatever"
"just posted a photo @ papa roccos pizza .
"lunch eating pizza at cicis .
"rt user college football, $9 beer pitchers &amp; .75 wings all day! user user user user user "
"i dont trust someone who can eat cold pizza"
"$15 beer buckets + gameday = touchdown! .
"rt user cheese .
"duff beer .
"rt user troy- "we suffered the most embarrassing loss this week." clemson- "hold my beer.""
"user my 3yo calls is cheese salt"
"user i just create a playlist or use one alrd made and put it on loop, deleting the cookies too"
"phoebes first time at chuck e. cheese @ chuck e. cheeses .
"user user okay nub and sausage coming right up .
"watch: from pale ales to stout, this beer festival has it all - the news .
"rt user holy snack! these are so delicious. you have to try it -&gt; . ad foodie cheese foodporn "
"rt user 5 dangers of diet soda .
"rt user two biggest shocks of adult life: 1. everyone does cocaine 2. cheese is fucking expensive"
"rt user user user user ...or bag my eggs and bread at the bottom with all other groceries top."
"user girl ive seen 2 cars today with donuts on all four smh"
"the crowd at user is crazy. tons of people at the fairgrounds today to enjoy beer, wine, and liquor in .
"user user user i over indulged the best cheese and onion going fact thanks to .
"*stranger calls me* guy: you still have 2 topping pizzas for $9.99 me: congrats sir you are the 100th caller, come pick up ur free pizza"
"rt user the only thing cheaper than the beer is the football! what are you waiting for?! user .
"gluten free pizza? yes we are now serving gluten free pizza on request. only available in our 10inch size. no excuse not to eat pizza now!"
"cinnamon and cream cheese?? sweetsaturday whaterameans .
"rt user sausage dog burrito! .
"user i'm confused. all this talk about bacon but nothing larger than xxl in the online store. what? no love for the big man."
"bbq ribs with blue cheese infused hickory bbq sauce . foodietribe fitness lifestyle"
"decadent! love this! cheesy sausage tortellini . .
"rt user bread* .
"these nacho cheese bugles &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"rt user that piece of bread panera throw in the bag be tough as shit boy."
"rt user send a risky text, eat some pizza, life is short"
"those colours! willowandduck styling to perfection as always! @ junction beer hall &amp; wine room .
"i should be sitting in my chair with a beer hollering at the tv .
"rt user lmao this block of cheese getting dumber by the minute worstpresidentinhistory .
"user don't tell a woman she looks fat. don't mix beer with liquor. don't be in a one score game late in .
"forget the pizza, i need this pan! .
"user careful with that cheese dad pls dont die "
"i haven't had a soda in months , but they done made me drink this sprite "
"user user user that's a good beer!"
"rt user i want aqua to step on a huge pizza, and it's just so great"
"rt user line for donuts, shirts and rain slickers user linemansrodeokc .
"had a bit of a baking disaster this afternoon but back on track, cheese-cake in oven &amp; creamy carrot soup (none of .
"rt user user not in my litter box please..i'll wrap it in bacon.."
"rt user i'm a lot like pizza, hot n' cheesy and if i don't come in 30 minutes, i'm free*. *leaving."
"coconut oil &amp; baking soda facial look years younger in 1 week: . via user
"rt user pizza sales shot up in colorado after the state legalised marijuana."
"user make a bottle of ketchup"
"user fuck what u talkin about drink more beer like a real goddamn man"
"rt user the votes are in, and fans of pizzacheezit couldnt be contained! this champion, made with 100% real cheese, will "
"dang! i swallowed a yellow jacket that had got in my beer. throat swelling up. i need to drink more beers faster be .
"rt user funfact - on this day in 1978 jimmy carter signed hr 1337 legalizing home brewing &amp; making the us craft beer industry possi"
"rt user user is bringing me a pizza and im lit"
"crustless pumpkin pies or angel food cakes w/ fresh or frozen berries are tasty alternatives. nationaldessertday .
"rt user im going to be very honest with you. if i had a pizza right now i would eat it"
"rt user pray, stack yo bread &amp; mind ya business"
"rt user i watched season 4 of voltron high as a fucking kite and let me say, those french bread dildo people? fucked me up into the"
"rt user buttermilk pancake mountain. .
"rt user bacon cheese fries. .
"push back by dj rocky ft. cindy,ketchup &amp; peter miles | free mp3 download on . .
"art crawl was fun now to daves pizza for meetup with people wanting to make this place a reality homewoodalabama .
"rt user a lot of teleportation cheese in this event.... got next spots glitched! why didn't they do straight match making like la"
"rt user cheesy garlic bread .
"rt user i need a beer "
"want to work at panera bread? we're hiring in montgomery, al! click for details: . parttime cashier veterans"
"email says pizza will be ready at 4:45 i get here at 4:55 &amp; its still not ready "
"rt user vincat will go rogue... tents, campfire &amp; beer. (no cabin) reminiscing abt their unforgettable love story! "
"7 kids, 4 adults...2 pizza how sway? thy gone be hungry"
"rt theeconomist "chicagoans did not bottle up their negative opinions of the short-lived soda tax .
"feels good to get out of town. sometimes you just need your family...and a beer. leighfus24 .
"oh waiter, can i have a slab of ribs with s side of bacon and ham? and help me wave goodbye to pathetic muslims as .
"rt user bacon in every restaurant please!!!! .
"rt user "he was rambling on about pizza rolls...i dunno. i just kept looking at his smile and thinking to myself, wow i'm f "
"since my food wasnt ready on time, at least offer me a soda or something"
"made myself a quick and tasty pasta dish consisting of veggies, creamy pesto sauce, goat cheese .
"user user eat more pork america and share with muslims. only pork skins, keep bacon and ribs f .
"yeah we got one downtown. wonder if they serve beer?? lol .
"they having a pizza party in the parking lot"
"update: i got starbucks and pizza"
"user user user user i'll bake you some goodies for an iphone 8! cake, cupcakes, .
"rt user my kid is singing "mac-n-cheese" to the tune of "stand by me." you guys just tried it, didn't you?"
"things i've learned today: 1. cameron monaghan = a fantastic joker 2. cashew cheese =\= a good vegan cheese alternative, but does taste good"
"rt user hold my beer while i tease a bull .
"rt user our cookies are the best cookies user .
"rt user tfw the bartender at a beer festival isn't sure what they're doing, so you get to pour your own beer .
"rt user bernie brought home the bacon, fried it up in a pan, and never ever let us forget he's a man berniewomenshistory"
"halloween vampire teeth mold bottle labels bloody cheese cloth set of 3 new prop - .
"user user user beer from the tap"
"some beer festivals are not as well organized or well run as others. nashbeerfest .
"rt user if you put ketchup on your fries i can't trust you"
"come to our annual pancake breakfast! a ticket will get you 3 pancakes, eggs, and your choice of meat! .
"rt user im getting really nervous right about now. bring me another beer."
"user taco blend cheese is the tits."
"rt user endless cheese pulls. .
"rt user pizza hut hack: online customer information compromised user cybersecurity infosec pizzahut .
"user user user and if you add dusse,hennessy,beer and more tequila to the mix its even worst."
"wanna talk about pizza ? @ vesuvio .
"rt user a cock so nice you'd chose him over bacon for breakfast..."
"rt user him- "get in the van, pretty girl. i have a big cock and lotsa bacon." me- "okay." *grabs lube and paper towels"
"user user user if you do, let's grab a beer while you're in bham! cheers!"
"carnivore lasagna chicken, meatballs,italian sausage, pepperoni mozzarella and ricotta cheese. .
"the iphone-controlled cooler that tosses you a beer - cnet .
"thats it i need to start collecting tea and cookies"
"forget your typical bread and get our tuna salad on a croissant. it's on special for october. .
"someone make me a grilled cheese sandwich pls"
"thursday night we will have our beer dinner, a 4-course meal prepared by chef alan with complementary beer pairings .
"rt user why does the pizza guy get so freaked out about me falling in love with him?"
"user user but who's going to do birmingham beer biz stories?"
"user yes it's like, "chip u put up how many the first half, hold my beer""
"ready to watch some beer and drink some football"
"saturday wheat bread flourwatersaltyeast bread breadporn kenforkish itsallaboutthecrumb .
"little caesars gives you free bread if they dont offer it to you. well apparently when you tell them they didnt, they roll their eyes @ u"
"who wants some cookies?"
"rt user every time i type "do it" my phone changes it to "donut". i don't think this is a coincidence. *eats donuts"
"rt user these beer taste like i'm going to dm all you sexy fuckers tonight. "
"i was excited to open this and find out i actually had bread in my mail! not just any bread but .
"rt user bourbon + bacon milkshake buffalotrace .
"got all fixed up even had my beard on point and just ended up going to get some damn fried chicken and beer so much for going to the bar"
"user i did that same one today and was like thisll be a pizza cake! but it just didnt ever do anything"
"peace out twitterville, im gonna go frown my sorrows with pizza and ghost adventures .
"user you telling me now i got to ask my wife to go get me more beer this aint going to go over well wish me luck"
"rt user dude in dunkin donuts asked me if i was jadakiss father !"
"rt user (to the guy who just delivered my pizza) text me when u get home so i know ur safe"
"rt user come to our annual pancake breakfast! a ticket will get you 3 pancakes, eggs, and your choice of meat! .
"eatin cheese like it's her j-o-b. happy birthday little gem! ruby user user .
"user oooh! love that bottle opener! (also, real sugar in soda. yummy!)"
"why do peopke think im a good cook??? can barely make a grilled cheese"
"user make his ass eat chick-fil-a"
"rt user say it louder for the ppl inside pizza hut they aint here you from inside .
"rt user i love "going hollywood" by retweeting burger king and lock heed martin 1000 times"
"heres the real reason why chick-fil-a is closed on sundays . .
"rt user havent ordered pizza hut in a while i wonder if theyre worried about me"
"randomly having the worst jack in the box craving "
"rt user dove &amp; chick-fil-a just gone have to call me a nigger to my face "
"rt user when a mcdonalds employee slides in an extra nugget .
"rt user just always have your next move planned. play chess not checkers. keep sumn tucked, just in case you fall and nobody ther"
"rt user ad celebrate national cheesecurdday by visiting user with a friend and you could get some cheese curds free! "
"one day away from pink dunkin donuts. see you at century automotive fri the 13th. 6a-10a. can wait! .
"i'm just saying, you can become my best friend by giving me a large iced mocha coffee with extra syrup from mcdonalds mccafe"
"krystal's birthday party at smtown theatre 4f at 8:30pm kst. oct 24, 2017 .
"ive been at burger king for 3 hours. its only 7"
"rt user mcdonalds sends every store 20 packets of "rick and morty" sauce. fans waited all night in line find out, immediately ebay th"
"rt user here at the san jose mcdonalds. this is our reaction to the shortage of szechuansauce giveusthesauce rickandmorty http"
"rt user eye to eye? kfc glorietta. aldub117thweeksary .
"rt user leo martinez schools millennials on how to enjoy kfc teriyaki shots in different ways .
"rt user chipotle's got nothing on moes"
"rt user trump plays checkers, while those around him play 3-d chess investigative leads are being pursued. good things are hap"
"rt user quinze ronalds mcdonalds invadem lanchonete do burger king . .
"rt user mcdonalds, starbucks, burger king ve fg .
"last night consisted of my screen cracking, getting a ticket, and mcdonalds was closed!! lol why?????????"
"having a blast at hillcrestharvestfest today! come on out and see us. we're across from the beer .
"rt user weekend goals? beer staches all around. cheers to 25 years, okc! 25yearsbtb seeokc .
"rt user chowing down on some chocolate bacon with user at ozarksbaconfest .
"$4 big craft beer saturday and the hog game on all the tv's!!!! see you at jose's!!!"
"what kind of pizza are you? .
"maybe the "manna" in the bible was banana nut bread. yeah, i'm gonna go with that"
"user best burgers ...need cheese on them fries"
"user "that i can tell.." he laughed and got through the half of his before going to get the fries and ketchup."
"rt user a rare picture of camila after she fainted from overeating of cheese and ham .
"check out this pizza snack. . .
"rt user beautiful chocolate cake. .
"game time 6pm @ craft beer cellar cbchotsprings beerlover gametime gameface arkansas alabama beerspecials .
"hey user guess its time to go grab a cold one (soda, of course) we gave it our all!"
"hideaway pizza on yelp: i am a fan of this pizza! i love that they offer ranch or extra sauce. i've always been a .
"user suggestion: geno's east. deep dish. crumbled sausage. extra cheese! p.s. leave time for cooking bef .
"breaking bread with the goons at la costa. @ la costa .
"chocolate chip pizza from puzza inn never disappoints"
"i fell asleep eating a slice of pizza in bed last night.."
"i'm eating fresh bread from a small bakery on the porch of my rural farm. am i trad yet?"
"tomorrow free food, byob friendly, beer pong . .."
"best fruit soda. go."
"folks i dont have a drinking problem, at a beer fest"
"rt user i take them wrapped in bacon .
"user here we are the store little windy out me in t-shirt and jeans my baby cakes &lt;3 .
"rt user 102k!!! holy cheese, seokjin woke up a monster shiganeul slow down!, please stay for a little more please baby! calm"
"rt user i drank lean baby i don't drink beer "
"as arkansas says, "hold my beer" .
"rt user kevin bacon is on my flight. which means that right now there are zero degrees of separation between me and kevin bacon."
"user gravies for the gravy god! pimiento cheese for the pimiento cheese union"
"rt user gump worsley was known to stop at least one shot per game with the can of beer he was drinking while in goal. .
"it's pizza, popcorn, cookie and pickled peppers month. which do you choose?"
"rt user i woke up with a slice of pizza in bed last night"
"rt user 'threw a naan bread on my record player and this happened' .
"user user we were 2 beer and a cpt.&amp;coke in for the first pic. add 4 more beer to that total now"
"i just wanna make halloween cookies with my non existent boo"
"vegan pizza party - veganpizza yum hearthealthy veggies veganbaking .
"rt user on this day in 1978 president jimmy carter signed hr 1337 legalizing home brewing &amp; making the us craft beer industry p"
"rt user had a great night at the hot springs beer festival last night! come on out and see us again today from 10am until "
"i want crazy bread"
"rt user fried chicken .
"user user lol nah but fr fr no cap, he was bout to cry because he aint have enough bread for the light b .
"user i dont think god cares about football. but yes, the beer works."
"rt user im getting a pizza tattoo that way if i look at it when im like 23 and still working at a pizza place, ill just end it"
"rt user drinking beer to get drunk takes too much effort aka too many pee breaks. booze is much more effective. more bang for you"
"rt user less sugar, more fruit. less meat, more veggies. less soda, more water. less worry, more sleep. less words, more action"
"rt user vegans dont miss bacon, eggs or milk they miss not being introduced as the vegan at every family outing then being ask"
"rt user duo combo or triple combo ? /yall be forgetting bout the mayonnaise yoo/ got7 yugyeom mark bambam ketchup "
"rt user beef and beer? yes please. .
"user user who wants more beer? this guy! .
"one. slice of user 5-meat stuffed pizza. family size. cut in 8ths. this is a daggum double decker pizza!! o .
"user you good long as you got bread to eat &amp; shit you got my # still?"
"they're really out here playing daft punk in chuck e. cheese"
"young donuts .
"im voting for walkers smoky bacon! chooseorlose .
"rt user cookies n cream ice cream cake .
"i was supposed to eat one slice of pizza and ended up eating five smh"
"if you read one biblicalfiction novel, let it by lydia's story! bread of angels by user .
"rt user how to get free pizza .
"rt user pumpkin mac and (no)cheese - the perfect fall comfort food!! . vegan .
"rt user rt for yeast rolls from texas roadhouse like for olive garden bread sticks .
"i wanted to throw /spill my beer at /on this guy but not enough people were dancing to make it seem like an "accident" "
"rt user had a taste for some good pizza today @ nancy's pizza camp creek .
""give us this day our daily bread" the present is the only time in which any duty can be done or any grace receiv .
"user what is this? this is how our pizza arrived. .
"user i'll be at your show in fayetteville, ar in a couple weeks. i'll buy ya a beer."
"rt user seb just bought us pizza wow king .
"you want a beer"
"rt user ask me if i just had 20 mini pizza bagels."
"mint chocolate chip cake -- one of my most loved recipes ever!! printable recipe: . .
"rt user user just tell them bacon makes everything better. .
"rt user when u stop drinking soda and start drinking water .
"so my 8yr old, baby j, requested mussels, sausage &amp; salad for dinner. no problem son! babyj .
"rt user gluten-free on the go! here are three fantastic ways to swap the bread and lose the gluten . ht"
"i actually hate poutine. unpopular opinion, but idgaf cheese curds are disgusting"
"amp fest is the place to be this saturday-beer, music &amp; tech ampfest2017 .
"did you know the bible exposes the lies of false religion? realtalk breaknchains bread .
"rt user a great new tradition at sdsu tailgating - grilled cheese sandwiches at the valley queen cheese tent .
"rt user everyone's doing coke and i just want some pizza."
"ampfest. good music. good beer. amplivefeed imaginemore @ arkansas music pavilion .
"i liked a user video . sunrail commuter train and cheese sticks commercial"
"rt user if you have coconut oil &amp; baking soda, you can have clean teeth! --&gt;. .
"rt user the difference between biscuit and cookies is simple, if e pass n100 no be biscuit again, dat one na cookies"
"man those user cookies are incredible. nice treat on saturday afternoon"
"rt user $12.50 for $20 worth of italian pizzeria cuisine for two or more at d'amore's pizza - .
"rt user low carb cheese and ham breakfast cups leanin15 .
"rt user chocolate chip cookies that are delectable, low-carb, no sugar and perfect for this time of year! "
"you know what rhymes with saturday? beer. .
"rt user i have the worst buyer remorse. bought myself shoes i actually needed and am still thinking how much pizza i could have boug"
"user i mean, i prefer other pizza, but it's not bad \_()_/"
"rt user fuck the wheat and white bread. im eating my sandwiches with this bread .
"rt user smashed the homies? drake rumored to be homeboy humping bella hadid's airmax loving cakes after the weeknd "
"i want a beer"
"rt user elder millennial archetype: descend from the animaniac tribe, survive on pizza bagels. memories of tv and not parents"
"please someone do this with me but i wanna make the cookies too .
"new jalapeno cheddar mac &amp; cheese from user list of 6 healthiest packaged side dishes! .
"make sure to listen to my newest episode "3 pizza delivery horror stories v3" comment what you .
"it's my 5th time at dunkin donuts since it opened this month, i need to get on that dd app lmao"
"eternal search for my peanut butter chocolate cake with kool aid"
"we had a blast celebrating ezra turning 10 at circustrixoc! friends, pizza, cake and climbing, .
"rt user if you dont encourage my intellectual, artistic, or spiritual growth i will not be sharing my pizza with you. maybe you ca"
"rt user ice cream chocolate cake. .
"rt user all i really care about is pizza and like 4 people."
"rt user breaking bad homeowners are sick of people throwing pizza on their roof .
"rt user this why i dont drink soda rt user coke: drink it or hack it? .
"make halloween cookies and watch scary movies .
". what can companies like user do to protect customers who just want to enjoy a burger and beer with friends?"
"rt user tired: touch my butt and buy me pizza wired: .
"user lol not me. i act tf out no more beer for dymond .... jk i'm getting drunk tonight"
"chinese and pizza always look so good on tv "
".user listens to beer for breakfast. user is smart. be more like user 91x sdbeer .
"user it's at afk lounge in sj! it's $25 for 6 hours of pc time with some pizza 95 $30 for 7 hours. starts .
"where is the bacon"
"rt user steaming tenders special lobster &amp; butternut squash risotto dinebest food foodporn events banquets wine "
"the rainy girls team's beer raffle has raised over $1200 for user &amp; we have a week left to go! don't miss out .
"rt user i just wanna go on cute dates, carve some pumpkins,bake some cookies,watch scary halloween movies,go to the pumpkin pa"
"its been a helluva week and this is the dead irish poet craft beer ill be having tonight. yes im .
"an authentic philly cheese steak sandwich...yes, with cheese wiz campos .
"young goat cheese .
"rt user i really dont like that mexican cheese that smells like patas"
"rt user do it for the bread ppl!!!!! &amp; of course lambda too .
"user i thought it said pizza, hugs, and a bottle of vodka. lol"
"user pastor user "2 corinthians" secondcorinthians bragged about drinking wine&amp;eating cookies 2 .
"so,no loud speakers trucks giving out info in pr!? d bread man, fish man truck did!"
"womenboycotttwitter damn, it's a total sausage party in here. i'm out. user u getting the point?"
"cybersecurity chicago repeals its soda tax . infosec"
"rt user super simple southwest grilled cheese recipe .
"hes a business, man : why didnt i think of that : i am beyond amazed of my boy. he created a pizza box that... .
"rt user just what everyone wants at a party; drunks thrusting beer bottles at your groin. .
"dick trickle flashbackfriday miller beer nascar .
"me: going to start eating healthy. also me: can i dip my pizza into ranch dressing?"
"rt user why chicago's sodatax fizzled after two months and what it means for the anti-soda movement .
"rt user salad tastes pretty good once you add some pizza and get rid of the salad"
"zume scores $48 million in funding to expand its robotic pizza empire . .
"rt user golden game friday! : vs 2 stanford : pauley : 6 pm : free fidget spinners : free cookies : chance to win a "
"rt user french fries are like insecurities, you cant have just one."
"young egg and cheese .
"user remember gulati use to drive a van getting the players pizza. i think those are the decisions he should .
"we (me &amp; the kid) got sick this weekend. no bread sat or sun, sorry!"
"if you tryna come match, i might have a plate of mac &amp; cheese, dressing and collard greens for ya"
"user they already did!! w the cheetos restaurant. well i think it was the cheese ones but still theyre trying it lmao"
"cookies for cops? yes, please! check out the album full of sweetkindness at . .
"user yes brooo we gotta get this bread"
"rt user cookies for cops? yes, please! check out the album full of sweetkindness at . .
"the leave are changing in cinnamon sugar skies. pastry cake dessert @ beverly wilshire, a .
"i'm soo hungry rn and some donuts and a coffee sound so good rn :("
"damn i really want a bomb ass salad and pizza for lunch fuck breakfast today skip i want lunch "
"rt user a teen with a bowl cut at a macklemore concert just asked me to buy him beer this is my rock bottom"
"rt user new video with drew in 20 minutes where we get $1000 pizza .
"rt user good_batch_bakery_ hooking up the famous fcw lucha cookies for this sunday!! they sell out fast, .
"rt user his dad was a dead beat he was spending all that bread on designer 3 piece suits lets start a dialogue .
"rt user viral video: texas beer ninja saves drink and takes down a woman with box of nachos .
"max muscle stockton has low carb simply delicious protein cookies sat 10/14 10 am, 5% off&gt;50 .
"fun fact i really love donuts"
"somebody saaaaaaaaave me.... save me. tried to please a bih it almost drove me crazy. broke bread wit some n**gas that was shady."
"user grandparent visiting so we are having "fun" foods. the pizza killed me and i can't do it anymore. my b .
"rt user these are the ingredients lurking in bacon that the meat industry doesn't want you to know about... .
"basic bitch just happened. i'm pretty sure u can afford $10 for my pumpkin spice frapp and sausage biscuit. .
"user user we know that feeling! did you ever get some pizza?"
"santa barbara county fire hosts annual pancake breakfast fundraiser. . .
"user i took the pastry connoisseur feat"
"owners of the house from 'breaking bad' are tired of fans throwing pizza on their roof . .
"user beautifultraumatour is selling like hot cakes - fast! we still have tickets on-sale! don't miss out on the o .
"rt user 171013 wannaoneinmanila wannaoneinph # haahah pink sausage ver of fire .
"..i cant tell if its meat or cheese"
"rt user hot dogs. and ketchup."
"user the macc and cheese to real"
"rt user pizza fans in nyc, don't miss this epic event. chefs cooking neapolitan . .
"rt user bringing cold pizza to the world tomorrow my new project will be available everywhere watch this change my "
"in particular would love recs for: - art - history - architecture - coffee - beer - walking - parks and gardens - anything spectacular"
"rt user about to hit 10k followers and i'd like to use my platform to say: putting ketchup on fries ruins them; fries should be"
"rt user user omg when i see you well celebrate with gf pizza and wine! love you"
"young- southern fried chicken strip with a side of fried pickles, mac n cheese, and greens .
"everything bagel tater tot stuffed with cream cheese!!! . .
"i liked a user video . how to make bacon wrapped hot dog"
"user mmmmm. im so hungry. oooh, i have donuts in the car"
"rt user be the rockefeller of your family, my family couldn't afford a loaf of bread, i hustled until we could afford a bakery."
"spiced with cinnamon and cloves, this chilled apple beer punch is perfect cocktail for . via user all_thats_jas"
"if you run 2 miles, you can eat 2 donuts. that's the rule.... right? "
"user user user haha... i'll start once i finish my egg,bacon cheese and hash brown croissant "
"user .... buffalo sauce latte &amp; bacon flavored latte...? and i thought pumpkin spice latte was weird."
"updated user beer list. .
"i love the smell of freshly baked bread from the bakery. the car smells amazing right now "
"user but there's no bacon .
"user i still trust pubs - but only if the beer is good."
"she got dat cheese makaaaaa earthquakaaaa rump shakaaaa"
"rt user owners of the 'breakingbad house are done with your pizzatossing bullshit: . - user user
"an easy halloween pumpkin cookies recipe . recipes via user .
"rt user badass donuts idareyou @ paramount studios .
"to papa john's and little caesars pizzas: offer vegan cheese pizza! .
"user is a boat load of knowledge this morning. i discovered i do almost everything wrong. from bras, to string cheese. damn"
"give me a keg of beer. .
"dear brooklyn. someday i hope to have pizza there with my 90 yr. old aunt kay but not pumpkin spice. i live in cal .
"eating pizza with more than two toppings leads to the rejection of the lord and his holy word"
"rt user they. politicized. french fries. (2003) and ketchup (2004) .
"user i am classy, also colorado donuts in eagle rock"
"cnn 9:09am president to announce new u.s.-iran strategy president to announce new u.s.-|ran strategy. . perry bacon fivethirtyeight"
"rt user beer anyone . gaming nintendo .
"rt user i want some like pasta or cheesy assss pizza"
"i was slammin hella honey buns and zebra cakes yesterday "
"user the beer would fall everywhere!"
"rt user baking soda is a powerful cleaning agent. here are five ways to use baking soda around the house. "
"user thanx joey-donuts! i like u too!! i can be quite bundy-esque sometimes though. i'm a blonde, after all."
"im eating on you niggas. ketchup. im eating on you niggas cant catch up."
"rt user cartoon tony romo looks like he belongs on a frozen pizza box .
"come join brotzeit lokal for a special "sunday ma" ($10 liters of craft beer) this coming sunday (10/15/17) we... .
"user user and while your at it alyssa, can you buy banana donuts and white cupcakes w/white fro .
"rt user that wasnt a "stage dive" that was the patented user "platinum pancake pile driver" he is bringing back th "
"this guy dm on my beer page and is tying to be nice or whatever. and wants to have a beer. kkayy"
"eggs over halloumi cheese. yum! .
"user thats a good beer. cheers!!"
"gonna get my eyebrows blown off, while i eat some fried rice with bacon in it"
"rt user user user fuck hawaiian bread .
"user user gravy. vinegar. ketchup. "
"tgif! it's friday... no excuses needed for beignets and beer user happy hour starts at 3! .
"user hahah we agree on more things than it may seem. we should have a beer sometime!"
"the bread of life esv bible .
"rt user is dwayne bacon the real deal? .
"that is one bizarre looking structure on weekly tf, surprised to see its still at 3-handle. ketchup move in the wor .
"matcha green tea almond shortbread cookies preparation time: 8 min., cook time: 9 min. . .
"user and donuts - what would you get? madebygoogle .
"rt user this bacon-wrapped burger ring is gonna wow everyone at your next party .
"pepperoni pimento cheese, everything and puffed grain sourdough, basil. see you tonight .
"user bc we all remember loving these cookies in elementary school when the teacher would bring em to class .
"dinner weds night 39 ka prao stir fried chicken with green beans .
"rt user anybody that calls mozzarella sticks "cheese pulls" belongs in a mental institution. .
"pumpkin breakfast cookies | easy healthy vegan cookie recipe . via user health diet"
"rt user i guess i missed my chance to tell user about my too-die-for mac and cheese dish! .
"rt user i don't understand people who bite string cheese rather than peel it. why do you want to remove the joy from a very fun"
"rt user easy halloween cheese snacks ad babybeltarget healthyhalloween user . via user
"user prolific. no shoes on the rug, leave them at the door. baby scale. 17 with a .39. pizza shop. on repeat. shit .
"airmax loving cakes .
"rt user i've just added a new artwork, "small double donuts" to my user shop via user oil painting art .
"drinking a beer @ lax at 9am happy as a clam lol"
"rt user this is awesome: russian river brewing company in santa rosa just announced a new sonomapride beer - 100% of proce "
"this is so disturbing! clearly they are not talking about pizza's. if they are talking about pizza's then they... .
"this job might be a great fit for you: part time deli/pizza counter - . retail sonoma, ca hiring careerarc"
"rt user hold my beer .
"cookies,#cupcakes,#dessert,#recipes,#lollipop,#bbq,#cakes,#cooking want to know more about fat burning recippe .
"rt user if we talk after 12, our convos will get real personal. 12:00am: i like mac &amp; cheese 12:01am: i killed a man once"
"could've should've would've - taken a profesh graduate photo but was ceebz waiting because champange and free cheese"
"user pizza in the morning, pizza in the evening, pizza at supper time"
"user so i asked, "was it cream cheese or butter? there's a difference" "
"so....a triangle shaped pizza covered in cheeseburgers and shit. .
"rt user im trynna order pizza and watch scary movies all night"
""energy drinks: what are the health risks?" healthcare . .
"wish i was cute to show this nigga what he lost, instead im fucken dead bread you feed to the ducks"
"user user doesn't make it less horrific and a crime against beer and humanity."
"user truth! i love user they're seriously amazing gluten-free bread."
"'the addams family' to get animated in movie by 'sausage party' director . .
"another classic beer lost in history, duke's beer the pa legend: . penn vintage beers brewery bottles cans tee"
"something johnkerry &amp; his ketchup queen teresaheinz will never have...official white house portraits .
" getting into your refeed cheatday like... pizza carbs truelove cleaneating .
"tgweho fall salad | candy persimmon | pickled cranberry | toasted papita | bacon lardon | bleu .
"rt user butter chicken mac 'n' cheese .
"user pizza and selfies!!!"
"my husband, chef ray lara odell making sourdough bread! chefraymondla sourdough .
"john didn't say cheese on that picture taken skeemsaam .
"user do they depict gelsons magic ability to look at whole foods prices (pre-amazon buyout) and say hold my beer"
"rt user (tuscan sausage &amp; potato soup) via . - . .
"two eggs any style. served with toast and a choice of hash browns or home fries. $3.95. deserthotsprings .
"user i do drink soda occasionally if it's a special kind or during cons if the place doesn't have iced tea .
"user make sure you enjoy some psychedelic pizza on your journey .
"seats available for the sat. nov. 4th session of importing wine, beer, spirits for pleasure and profit in toronto. .
"rt user plies wasnt having it with dunkin donuts today! user .
"rt user kinda wanna workout kinda wanna eat loaded cheese fries kinda wanna nap for five days kinda wanna get my life together by"
"energy drinks cause new father's skull to collapse, loses part of his brain .
"$24.98 rasta imposta beer pint costume, gold, one size halloween costumes . .
"germany: come for the beer, stay for the infrastructure. expansionindex . .
"user happy birthday adri!!!!!!! better ready to shot gun that beer later lol"
"user user congrats on the badge! do you nearly always take a photo of your beer?"
"user more bacon."
"user user if you think getting pizza is fun, then yes! you've never been to our place?"
"rt user chrissy teigen boycotting twitter as well, god bless i won't have to see her wonder bread slice face anymore"
"first time at dunkin' donuts. @ dunkin' donuts .
"you want a beer yuo get out of here. queeer"
"my co workers send me pictures of beer and tacos saying they miss me "
"i'm not a democrat, republican, communist, or any label i'm a human being willing to share the bread at my table"
"watching a cafeteria full of k - 5 kids deal with a bagel and cream cheese with plastic spoons is both cute and... .
"every time you mention friday the 13th, kevin bacon makes 30 cents in gratuity payments."
"rt user hey user your pals play dominos on cheese &amp; pasta. this is the kind of dominos user plays! .
"class ended early i got my cookies its friday i love my life right now"
"new digest! trump admin strikes clean power plan, undermines aca exchanges; chicago's soda tax repealed; ca burns .
"user user wait--- there's a halftime beer garden?!"
"i'll be at oozefest w/user this saturday afternoon for their grilled cheese eating challenge. user will be doing it with me"
"how have your snacking habits changed since learning about sargento natural cheese snacks? ad sargentocrowd .
"user if olive oil is made out of olives, and vegetable oil is made out of vegetables, then what is baby oil made out of??"
"rt user rickandmortysnextadventure maybe since they brought back mcdonalds szechuan sauce they can bring back the chicken "
"rt user watch to find out why this mac n cheese is green .
"cass and i decorated these cookies and they are so freakin awesome weve just been sitting at the table for 20 minutes staring at them"
"rt user donuts! .
"where could a person get mac and cheese this time of night? asking for a friend."
"beerz. pizza. games. friends. (@ pork and pony palace in colorado springs, co) .
"itssexierifyouadd beer and crisps. .
"i hate to be a realist but beer and tacos can only solve so much in this world truth"
"cubs' joe maddon compares plate-blocking rule to recently-repealed chicago soda tax news .
"rt user when everyone's asleep so you go downstairs and raid the bread basket .
"rt user beer-promotion industry continues to grow in co: . keep it up, user user user
"rt user chocolate mint oreo cake. .
"aliceblue watching i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"rt user joe maddon really hates something called the soda tax. what is this "soda" thing he speaks of? .
"rt user cookie butter puff pastry is delicious but lets be real, id eat cookie butter off a broken rusty pipe"
"user user beer&gt;"
"goneaway by half acre beer company found at the forge publick house. bring a friend!"
"rt user why would someone leave a perfectly good loaf of bread on the ground .
"when darkness fall beer .
"im that of girl who keeps eating chocolate cookies while crying with a romantic movie."
"user yes, spread the cinn bread with butter and sprinkle a little sugar on top, then broil. heaven."
"i live close to one of the town's bars &amp; i made the mistake by coming here for a quick beer. literally nobody in their early (or late) 20s"
"i want hot cheetos, takis, gatorade, mexican candy,halloween cookies , a pumpkin, halloween socks/blanket, face masks,&amp; old halloween movies"
"rt user here in west tx they believe in three things: tacos, tequila, and beer."
"rt user i just had the cutest pizza delivery man :,)))"
"user what kind of pizza?"
"user user oh man. i woulda gone for the beer floats!!"
"rt user pizza too damn good i lost my mind !!! the kicked me out because insaid their pizza is good .
"i used to tailgate, go to games, and still party afterwards. today i monitored tailgates, ate pizza, and am ready for bed. ifeelold"
"rt user i want hot cheetos, takis, gatorade, mexican candy,halloween cookies , a pumpkin, halloween socks/blanket, face masks,&amp; old"
"rt user i want long island pizza delivered to me as i study rn "
"one beer and im done. partyhardbro"
"rt user if you're old enough to die for my freedom, you're old enough for me to buy you a frickin beer. free koozies at "
"rt user user "as a basketball book, it is only passable at best. as a book about cake versus bread categorization, "
"asu for all the cookies!"
"rt user if you didnt drink a beer in the shower at 4pm did you even saturday??"
"love too cross highway bridges drunk on foot to score 3.2 beer and cheetohs after the hotel shops close .
"asu has no time for your fancy pants clock management jive. they have some beer bong'n to get to! grip it and rip it!"
"rt user im the man who had the cheese .
"rt user i liked a user video . bernie mac original "milk &amp; cookies""
"rt user id let you scramble my eggs with your sausage. -breakfast sext"
"that bacon on my burger made me savor the bite oh so much more. i can see why these animals are worshipped and hated! drool!"
"rt user my entire food consumption today has consisted of a coffee, a piece of pizza and a glass of wine in case you were w "
"bubba dogswhofly chopping or instead i run and eat trash like a little baby i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"my wife texted me a story of a dude smashing a pizza into some girls face at work tonight and it has totally derailed what i was doing."
"rt user security guard: you can't bring open containers of alcohol in here. me: this is a service beer."
"rt user looks like you caused the break up with those cookies .
"after cheese melts, why does it not re-solidify into its same cheesy ness when you first bought it"
"using cocoa butter moisturizer is challenging cause you smell like chocolate all day and constantly look around for cookies."
"shimmering cream soda tinted jumbo lip balm giveaway .
"i like pizza .
"rt user when oprah said "i love bread"... i felt that."
"this slice of pizza is unnecessary but life rn!!!"
"rt user [whispering sweet nothings in my ear] him: you're beautiful...you smell so good me: meh him: donuts...ice cream...cookies"
"rt user i really want a sonic grilled cheese and i dont know why"
"enter here for your chance to win 1 of 5 weekly $100 gift cards from frigo cheese. no purchase necessary. see rules .
"i fkn love diet soda"
"rt user user bih im tryna make cookies and have my titties sucked "
"pizza at night is the best "
"young 8 mini donuts .
""these french shortbread cookies practically melt in your mouth" via the craftsy blog: . .
"fliiby beer bubbles .
"ideal date you ask ? wild game and over priced beer, hands down. "
"rt user i wanna be the one you drunk text first when youre out of beer at 3 a.m."
"user sounds like a great name for beer distributor."
"rt user this photoset smells like toe cheese and vape juice .
"rt user why do they look like hipster white boys that obsess over craft beer :/ .
"newyorkdog bron cheese anemones got any chips?? ivory day i wish i could eat steak for every meal"
"this picture smells like cat piss and moldy pizza .
"rt user user awww. i couldve bought you a bottle of beer. chz. "
"my nervous for my practical for my midterm cuz i dont wanna get something thats very time consuming like yeast bread and puff pastry smhhh"
"13 love not sleep, lest thou come to poverty; open thine eyes, and thou shalt be satisfied with bread. 14 it is... .
"i really hope i get a quick bread and pate a choux for the practice since its not as time consuming "
"via user - denver's best pizza restaurants. congrats denver deep dish! .
"ay youre a fucking pussy you wont beer bong a four loco rn... .
"user this cat cosplaying a knight who says 'ni!' with a dunkin' donuts bag approves. .
"user sorry i don't want my delicious refreshing soda to unnecessarily overfilling"
"user the trendsetter of cheese kimbab, sana senior. it would be a delightful pleasure if we could be friends. how's life?"
"rt user jalapeno-cashew cheese brings spice to vegan diets . outfam, outdoorfamilies"
"no its not a beer .
"swing by the usa cycling van for free beer from user .
"rt user ketchup is love. and ketchup on french fries is dirty screaming monkey love."
"rt user wait... you're a pizza delivery driver. you would think you of all people would want a minimum wage increase .. y' "
"some niggas are like white bread just boring and bland "
"rt user don't hit me with a "wyd" text unless you're gonna pick me up n take me on a date that involves mac n cheese"
"user user young 4 big daddy bacon burger combo with wild fries and a medium mug rootbeer"
"ive had a piece of pizza, 10+ cheetos and a few vodka red bulls. .
"young 4 big daddy bacon burger combo with wild fries and a medium mug rootbeer .
"rt user just woke up with empty beer bottles and a parachute laying next to my bed... oh wait, never mind... g'morning "
"primroses tan know anywwhere to get some dank ramen i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"hi i would just like to announce that mcdonalds chicken tenders are the . thank u have a nice night"
"cheese bergamots floralwhite all or instead i run and eat trash like a little baby"
"everytime i think wow shit cannot possibly be more fucked up than this humans go "hold my beer" what the actual fuck is wrong with people"
"how you wanna party , but don't even got yo bread right ?"
"elec035 - sound science - furbie cakes - keep it simple stup . callywoodradio gotwood"
"rt user a 33-year-old woman has eaten nothing but cheese pizza for the last 31 years."
"user i like lays cheddar bacon mac &amp; cheese sooperbroncossweepstakes"
"rt user user sending you a hug sweet pea. when you get back let's have a pjs &amp; video games night &amp; eat pizza &amp; gig "
"c+k throwback: olive oil salted caramel brownie cookies . recipe"
"given our colorado location, and we know not everyone drinks coffee, how about this awesome beer stein? beer . stein"
"the pizza place i went to today got meat on my pizza...it's the second time this has happened, and i was just too tired to confront them."
"this is being shared all over the net by some cheese dick no doubt the brainless sheep will believe it. two words " .
"rt user if you're reading this, send pizza."
"rt user twitter.... we need your help!!! 30 subs and bacon wears jeggings!!!! retweet!!! .
"rt user ur dirty if u drink beer"
"user why you complaining about a sausage fest? who is you? "
"also the other pizza place i went to last year literally got bacon on my pizza...it was the worst experience and felt like getting hit twice"
"if you have mac and cheese and then add cheetos then you have found something amazing"
"hot magenta lotus flowers aquamarine watching all and i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"now playing more like casanova by soda pop music!"
"aquawarrior sunn i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"rt user i wanna slide in between some cakes."
"user yes, would be very interesting to know who dad thr skittles/sausage contract. want to take bets?"
"bacon wrapped green bean bundles .
"chocolate caramel s'mores cookies . cookierecipe"
"rt user thomas jefferson popularized macaroni and cheese in the united states."
"what's the tastiest dish you have cooked so far? homemade pizza! made from scratch, adding just the right amount .
"why my teacher always drawing donuts on my papers? .
"rt user sundaybrunch remembering marchesi milan pastry creation in the italian sweet tradition foodie food i know not "
"user dude! this could be a nice change from your dick pastry. .
"amazing that islamists are preaching hate &amp; evil inside the mosques and nothing is done about it. yet, bacon on dr .
"user user a cold beer lol"
"rt user as suspected, the 2nd half is gonna call for more beer. wps"
"leprechaun hat beer cozy - free crochet pattern . crafts"
"my favorite rating for cheese is g. i like g-rated cheese. parmesan, specifically."
"user 8 pm kickoff. cold. cheaper beer at home. what's keeping anyone there? and honestly hughes was more beautiful. get real"
"diy - pumpkin &amp; goat cheese tart . via user sundayblogshare recipes"
"rt user taste the mystery, and try to solve it. new mystery flavored oreo cookies. in stores now. . .
"rt user just bought myself a new english tea mug for when i'm eating my bacon sandwich .
"user user reckful and soda the sneak mvps keeping na awake between games the past 2 weeks with 1am- .
"dammmmn stop cheesen thingsweheardwhileplayingstreetfighter"
"get pizza, no regrets jimin."
"this term digital bacon what on earth does it mean? . socialselling smm sales... by timothy_hughes"
"rt user when you live in a country where "bacon crime" gains convictions but thousands of cases of fgm doesn't gain any, you know you a"
"2 slice of pizza, all meat shawarma and frutti!! so busoog "
"rt user farmers rise to gm-free cheese demand gmos gmo . /gw .
"rt user what did neolithics eat after a hard day at stonehenge? sweet pork and rich cheese .
"ima need my honey turkey &amp; bacon on a whole wheat bagel with a bag of onion &amp; garlic chips"
"rt user top 10 things that are sugarcoated: 10 lips 9 lies 8 nuts 7 arsenic 6 donuts 5 def leppard 4 cookies 3 feelings 2 ce"
"wait wait i fucked up whole wheat everything bagel ... tell em to throw the turkey on the grill &amp; the bacon better .
"rt user cyanide and happiness pancake art .
"rt user user its ok, youre in europe! its nongmo bread! instead of going straight to your adipose tissue it w "
"rt user the lumberbaroninn violates the rights of people with special needs! boycott: "prost beer dinner" .
"rt user do you even cheese board, bro? .
"the first couple scenes of hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy makes me wanna chug cheap beer but call it lager"
"who do you think has the better french fries?"
"episode 87 - nkosi the beer geek reasonable ignorance society podcast . .
"winterfun 1963: a slice of bread and jam: one boys year of adventure, crippling poverty, abuse and an encounte .
"rt user on the phone with a new girl: me: i'm coming to see you girls at the background: tell him to bring pizza for us. wh"
"rt user user lets talk about this parka,what is it going to take to get my chunky, pizza loving body into one!? serio "
"user you know whats not a waste of $50? beer"
"rt user lady-like premiere. funny as heck film + pizza after = happy boy. .
"i liked a user video . let's play breath of fire ii 04 - bring home the bacon"
"dont fucking vape on the pizza"
"rt user "hold my beer and watch this" .
"violets all i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! when is class over i want to go home and nap with the og herself"
"user sure, take a single data point and extrapolate that to "ratings are down." i didn't buy beer yesterday, .
"the latest the denver beer guy daily! . thanks to user craftbeer beer"
"concrete, the best thing since chocolate chip cookies. intelligentconcrete research denver repost .
"kick back, have a beer or three. youre home on the range. no need to drive. why do you love ranching? tell your s .
"rt user methane seeps out as arctic permafrost starts to resemble swiss cheese. climatechange actonclimate science .
"macaroni and cheese lotus flowers freehelen"
"rt user buy 1 user pizza w/ visa checkout, get your next pizza free while supplies last. terms and exclusions apply. .
"rt user no more good wholemeal &amp; multigrain bread in our farmersmarket . have the makers already left because of brexit ?"
"3.do you like milk and cookies i can t eat milk but i love cookies .
"rt user meet nfl greats jason taylor, lawrence taylor and zach thomas at dunkin' donuts in lake worth .
"happy sunbeam sunday me buddies! me has me eyes wide open fer bacon &amp; eggs this morning. come on over &amp; grab .
"its bread/groundnut and coke! "
"rt user bbq with cole slaw in a bread cone! homerun food fans! hungry now right? so good. foodie bbq .
"some of us definitely have our priorities in the wrong order... sex bacon coffee meme humor . premiermugs funny"
"rt user the joy of sausage rejectedcookbooktitles"
"user user this is dangerous. telling people bread and rice -- consumed forever -- will cause "gen .
""dark horse" artsculpture art artes beer brewery beerandbronze creativity bronzeart .
"rt user it's time to wake up and smell the bacon...included in your toothsome milkshake. .
"rt user user user this is dangerous. telling people bread and rice -- consumed forever -- will cause "gen "
"this is dangerous. telling people bread and rice -- consumed forever -- will cause "genocide." bad word choice and .
"rt user try adding some cookies &amp; cream protein to make your nationaldessertday a little healthier! teamrsp gainz .
"rt user cubs manager joe maddon believes the collision rule at home plate is as equally as bad as the soda tax in chicago."
"user a smiling woman drives up in a little electric car and sells u beer at 10:30a and nobody thinks it's weird. that's why."
"icelandic fish n chips ... and good beer! fishandchips .
"rt user tryin get in them cakes tonight"
"rt user pizza hut hacked... .
"user bring french fries and ill allow this "
"i hate everything about myself and i want a slice of pizza"
""i wear my tie like a child playing dress-up &amp; eat my steaks burnt to a crisp w/ ketchup because it pisses of libs! .
"bacon. .
"when you find out your hotel is round the corner from user where they have proper bacon .
"rt user 4 inflection points of us history: 1) revolution 2) civil war 3) invention of ketchup 4) unjust cancellation of dont tr"
"user players were breaking their legs on tax-free soda?"
"user user i hear theyre all aged and such. like not good aged like wine and cheese. like aged like an old person. gross."
"ham &amp; cheese french toastie roll ups. .
"lol i'm mad i found out dominoes got hot sauce as a topping for they pizza"
"why am i still getting targeted ads from pizza hut and papa johns? i'm on a diet i can't have carbs stop"
"rt user when my pizza finally arrives .
"aye my bf just showed up with pizza &amp; hennessy &amp; drugs "
"user user card. saltimbocca [jump in mouth] allaromana. no wait, that's the pope.... many "professor pizza" out there..."
"user "warm beer" is a generous description of admo evening smells that neglects vomit, sweat, and--all too often--freshly spilt blood."
"breaking bad house owners install fence to stop fans from throwing pizza on roof . .
"day 491: happy hour with user was much needed! 500daysofsummer @ world of beer .
"rt user great news guys user has decided to sponsor my sausage sized fingers. remember guys when you think jimmy dean yo"
"rt user the weirdest looking pizza in the world did they fall from the sky ? .
"theres a hot dog with mac and cheese and bacon on it. bruh."
"rt user late night dew event cheese video coming"
"user stopped hangin with the crew cuz he got girls who make him pizza rolls now "
"i appreciate panera bread."
"where tf that bread at? .
"if girls want to be boy scouts, what will happen to the girl scouts? will the cookies still be distributed in these streets? real questions"
""you got that gay pizza?""
"rt user amazing how adams morgan is beautiful during the day and smells like warm beer from dusk to dawn"
"everyone: hey at least it cant get much worse than it is in iraq right? iraq: hold my beer. .
"rt user where to eat when youre craving for fried chicken .
"it's pumpkin beer season and i'm so glad to have user looking out for me .
"user slumber party? i'll bring pizza"
"i can't be held responsible for anything during pumpkin beer season"
"what crazy is that this is literally my favorite pizzaria at home .
"why is ledo pizza up liking tweets "
"homemade zebra cakes. .
"rt user chocolate fudge cake. .
"rt: one of the activity during summer camp heading to dunkin donuts nearby!! .
"rt user bud light worse beer of all time"
"beefjerky intrepidly crosses the rubicon into the controversial land of donuts. proceed cautiously in that litiga .
"donuts attract police and lawsuits. beefjerky must be careful in its flirtations with the donuts realm. .
"this and potato bread is what gets to that ass .
"rt user when ya babe got cakes .
"garlic mozzarella cheese bread. .
"user terren crossed her legs as she stared at the screen, alternating between taking bites of cookies and popcorn."
"donuts .
"want bacon. that is all."
"chocolate dipped chocolate chip cookies. .
"buckeye brownie cookies. .
"boy when i tell yall i just made the most flame chopped cheese hoo wee whew*whistle sounds*"
"rt user i watch too many movies i once had a homie on the run i gave him bread and said i love u but i should never see or hear"
"today! oct 15, 2017 12:00pm user bavarian beer garden: oktoberfest edition. details: . dcbrews"
"cheesy bites pizza. .
"user user it's ok she can save some and pass it on it's like amish friendship bread only with soup envelopes"
"rt chicagosmayor: it aint over till its over. made a wager w/ mayorofla. when cubs take the nlcs, hell send local beer &amp; flythew at la"
"rt mayorofla: making a bet w/chicagosmayor. when dodgers win nlcs, hell send a 6pack of local beer &amp; fly our flag at chicago city hall. "
"good morning, nyc! looks like we're in for a high of 78f today, with 100% chance of pizza!"
"reading our daily bread is a great way to start the day."
"rt user which pizza toppings are better?"
"user those are my favorite cookies!"
"baking soda shampoo: your hair will grow like its magic .
"i really want a maria ds slice of pizza from fed"
"it's like wine soda .
"sometimes you just need to like, do something extra to bring home the bacon"
"rt user hating ketchup does not make you cool or sophisticated. it just makes you a ketchup hater."
"did i already suggest you name your sausage stand wurst case scenario?"
"user i eat my avocado sliced with salt in between two toasted bread. no mayo"
"a juicy cheese burger. .
"southern style chicken tenders. .
"young man arrested for underage sex was re-arrested for sharing a pizza with a 17-year-old .
"pizza with bacon :("
"korean fried chicken. .
"rt user civil war reenactment at the cedar creek battlefield in va was cancelled on sat. after a soda bomb with screws was discover"
"pull-apart cheesy bread &amp; marinara. .
"httr it's game day! beer and food specials on game days!! madfoxtaproom madfoxbrewing redskinsnation dcbeer .
"itssexierifyouadd a hot chick eating donuts .
"things you didn't realise you wanted for brunch. foodporn brunch breakfast food sausage .
"what do you think of my pumpkin spice monkey bread? user .
"the monkey bread is ugly, but it tastes like heaven "
"user fair enough. i almost paid to rent the mummy last night before i decided "yup i've had enough beer." and .
"rt user she goes do you know who i am? i said someone who isnt getting the burger without cheese and she gagged"
"rt user molten chocolate pudding cake in space for nationaldessertday. .
"at the mall early, trying to make eye contact w/sensible dads wearing new balances with grass stains while i eat cheese cubes by the handful"
"you can get cakes with actual poppable pimples, and it's horrifyingly realistic . via user
"gotta send the bread for some new shoe orders today"
"rt user sunday funday ~ scallop, bacon sliders for us! user user user user what's on "
"toby keith - beer for my horses ft. willie nelson . via user
"body by cheese it .
"pizza margherita in 4 easy steps recipe .
"rt user i broke bread when i aint even have bread to break"
"rt user santa school isnt all milk and cookies, its a big responsibility . via user user
"user user user very nice! are ipas your go-to beer style?"
"rt user don't miss this stunning bohemian boo bash pumpkin decorating party! the cookies are so pretty!! "
"fox news: record number of children missing from washington d.c. - pizza... . via user
"i wish the hospital had queso i want cheese fries but with mcdonald's fries"
"user can u give us a full pizza topping tier list"
"rt user munchkin is looking for some bacon .
"friday the 13th is unlucky? we think the only bad luck is not getting a beer today. .
"celebrate football friday with fresh-from-scratch food &amp; hand crafted beer at seven bridges in tinseltown, our rest .
"mug club pic of the week: i find your lack of beer disturbing craftbeer brewpub bradenton .
"forming a union? no thanks. my boss brings in donuts every friday. righttowork"
"the world is soo much better with cheese! can you imagine tomorrow without it? "
"rt user ive been on this diet to try and get more fit for producers and i have never wanted pizza so bad in my life temptat"
"how to make molasses gingersnap cookies from scratch . via user
"rt user iceberg wedge with smoked bacon, grape tomatoes, shallots, and blue cheese dressing. happyfriday "
"pecan pie chocolate cake!! available also as a bundt cake or cupcakes!! **customer loved it** .
"pancakes eggs &amp; bacon "
"rt user here is a man who appreciates a good beer vs a woman who doesn't like nachos. amazing fridaythe13th "
"i love pizza why? because pizza my president is pizza pizza is logicpizza is knowledge"
"check out soda women's wedge shoes black suede size 5 soda platformswedges clubwear . via user
"rt user when she stirring that mac n cheese over the phone for ya .
"yes, today is apple strudel day and we have these absolutely delicious lemon coffee cakes...and .
"try our tavern style too, not just deep dish. rt user cant wait to try chicago pizza.. omg."
"user nah man, but thanks for caring enough to know my beer of choice, and i can see over the hood just fine, thanks for the concern "
"rt user bro i cant fwu if u dont choose the italian herbs and cheese bread at subway"
"today's lunch special: beer battered cod fish with french fries, cole slaw &amp; hushpuppies- $8.99 the soup of the... .
"my ratchet ass brought onion rings to work for lunch today and i can't wait to break out my tabasco and go to town "
"user this is disgusting. moscato is way too sweet to go with any form of doritos. just get some beer."
"user you giving bread ?"
"rt user chicken stuffed cheesy bread .
"rt user michigan lawmakers vote to preemptively ban soda, food taxes . soda food taxes user
"rt user gimme some cheese sticks on the side and syvah teeth dem deh a grung .
"user pizza always gets a pass when it comes to consumption lmao."
"rt user flipped my bread with user g shit that nigga is really legit shawty on muvas .
"me describing to a friend how to get to my campsite: look for the big red pole thing with a pizza and take a left. you'll see the purple cow"
"i love when they bring out the cheese grater looking thing when they do my toes my fave part"
"join us on tuesday october 24th as we have a special edition of yappy hour. come enjoy a delicious cold beer from... .
"all i've had to eat today was a mini cookies and cream hershey's bar but i mean hey, at least my test is over and i don't think i took an l"
"upcoming jacksonville craft beer events . beer craftbeer drinkitinjax ilovejax onlyinjax .
"get lit - holiday vinyl sticker - wine glass, beer mug, christmas decal by amberrockstar . etsyretweet"
"the 21 best mac &amp; cheeses in america . via: user .
"user is that bread? it looks really cool!"
"rt:homeadvisor: baking soda is a powerful cleaning agent. here are five ways to use baking soda around the house. .
"amber eh! a beer that makes canada proud... also quite delicious! user .
"rt user me describing to a friend how to get to my campsite: look for the big red pole thing with a pizza and take a left. you'l"
"headed home?? papa johns just delivered pizza for our residents!! freefoodfriday theluxeonwestcall"
"user i was tryna get fucked up lmaoooo &amp; ion even drink beer"
"rt user open now for trade until early hours beer pints starting at 3.50! user user user "
"rt user the 21 best mac &amp; cheeses in america . via: user .
"who wants to drink a beer??"
"user user um, this looks amazing! not to mention the pic -- great job with the shrimp and cheese grits."
"rt user chuck e. cheese's unveils 'sensory sensitive sundays' for kids with autism, special needs: .
"femail - celebrity chef maggie beer on how eat to prevent dementia, australian chef, ma... . .
"rt user thinking about getting pizza for lunch"
"baking pumpkin cookies, listening 2 classical horror at dungeon, creepy+sweet smelling. .
"for sale: 2 tkts 4 pink sunrise fl bbc center. $300 each. sect 105, row 3, seats 3 &amp; 4. includes pre-show reception w/appetizers, beer wine"
"we've got a cheesy special for you today! a 10" stuffed crust pizza and an order of mozzarella .
"rt user beer tastes gooooood!! user user user user user "
"rt user man wins years supply of free beer from ab inbev .
"i crave new york grilled cheese everyday of my life"
"rt user time to make the donuts! savory donuts: - butternut squash ring - purple yam icing - pecans - maple - bacon - "
"young sausage biscuit .
"wetlab social is tonight! non-um guests are welcome, however they'll receive no beer/food vouchers. everyone bring caneid &amp; government id's."
"rt user happy friday the 13th! tgif fridaythe13th beer . .
"calling all pizza lovers! don't have dough or the time to make it, but craving a good supreme pizza .
"five easy cheese boards for any occasion! thanks reanna user scott &amp; meghan user &amp; user .
"the pizza makenna: fresh mozzarella, fresh basil and marinara (we suggest adding onion). come .
"rt user 'breaking bad' fans have been throwing so much pizza on walter white's house the owner is putting up a fence "
"espresso toffee chocolate chip cookies - who needs a cup of coffee in the morning when you can have .
"new pastry alert! now user is making deciding even harder. tampafoodie .
"dear user - do you no longer make the maple glazed donuts? signed, heartbroken in miami"
"user time for adventures of a pizza delivery girl, the graphic novel"
"lunch special 2: potato encrusted mahi platter - served over bacon &amp; sweet corn succotash with a horseradish sauce drizzle"
"you better not burn the cookies! .
"racist, you should have stayed retired. and stop eating all the god damn donuts. we know what you did. another stroles. you make me sick"
"sun, sand and craft beer along floridas emerald coast .
"young pizza .
"join us for user bacon blues &amp; brews tomorrow! details: . sponsored by: user .
"[ad] we are celebrating national cheese curd day at culvers! their cheese curds are made using farm fresh dairy... .
"rt user home is where the beer and pizza is."
"rt user pizza for breakfast? pizza for breakfast. "
"rt user these slices are 5x the size of a normal piece of pizza and the toppings are insane. who's down? jacksribeyeburger "
"which category are you in? . obesity food pizza chocolate sweets meals body love inspiration weightloss"
"lmfaooooo play patty cakes on the booty "
"user ummmmmmm.....is there a bad time for pizza?! .
"another gorgeous day on the emerald coast. join us tonight for a cold beer and premium hand .
"rt user make these bedfordshire clangershalf sausage roll, half fruit piefrom our november issue, on stands today: .
"i'm too lazy to buy lunch (even from onsite cafeteria) so i am just eating the donuts someone brought this morning."
"user why are your small bottles of soda $1.99 + tax? ridiculous. a 2 liter costs that at most places."
"user same ppl talkin shit probably was crunk as fuck when they had pizza in class smh every jit love pizza"
"giada de laurentiis wrote a heartbreaking twitter rant to admit that she wasnt sure whether ketchup counts as sou .
"rt user in case u forgot in 2004 the gop came up with alternative ketchup because kerry's wife was heir to the heinz fortune .
"try replacing margarine with fresh avocado as a spread on your toast. it tastes great and is packed with healthy fa .
"i can go forever without soda but sweet tea is a daily essential"
"have you heard break bread feat big beck by smitty james on soundcloud? np .
"happy friday, folks! join us for happyhour at user 2-4-1 draft beers all day, every day. beer .
"friend went to store for bread saw me, i told her i was buying a villa in fl 5 days later we were in fl &amp; she also .
"rt user me: eats a whole pizza my friends: that's kinda unhealthy me: .
"nope not beer thats my penstand i dont drink and work never workmode ideas .
"hes not crazy hes just got bread well u gotta be a lil crazy to have bread -kid at my school"
"rt user oreo cheese cake bites .
"user same. i'll eat them if that's all there is, but if given a choice, i go with no cheese."
"nyam up couple cheese patty from juicy beef "
" user makes every batch of beef and bacon jerky by hand. with varieties like teriyaki, southern, honest .
"new and delicious chopped cobb salad at wobu. spectacular @ world of beer .
"user but that's beer"
"im here for a good time, not a long time. with that being said, ill take extra cheese and bacon. .
"user young donuts"
"rt user we made it look mom thank you user boutta get so many cheese roll ups .
"rt user user that girl scouts only sell cookies."
"rt user ask your friends and family to eat at pizza hut on oct 15th for dysautonomia international! dysautonomia... .
"user too much pizza"
"rt user giada de laurentiis wrote a heartbreaking twitter rant to admit that she wasnt sure whether ketchup counts as soup "
"rt user don't miss fish fry fridays tonight from 5-7 pm with $10 fish &amp; chips and a user beer. .
"rt user you a grown man talmbout let me make my own pizza. this shit isnt comedy. .
"rt user so excited that my cookbook is out for pre-order! if you love cookies, this is the book for you! link&gt;&gt; "
"user when my mama came back to the truck from the pizza place, i asked her was that you who waddled in there lol .."
"young french fries .
"rt user shout out to user for these awesome cookies. now which one should i eat first? user user .
"rt user annual sausage fest monday 10/16 - sunday 10/22! german food including our famous german stuffed pigs and a variety of"
"ain't no pizza parties happening tonight"
"my pancake complected king .
"user hey hey dawg need a beer?"
"chocolate chip peanut butter microwave mug cake w fat free chocolate pudding - yummm .
"note to self: stay away from chuck's pizza .
"rt user review: snowflakes, iced cakes and second chances by sue watson user user . http"
"rt user thanksgiving cookies are a thing. .
"pimento cheese poppers recipe - perfect for tailgating and weekend entertaining! . .
"did both of these things and also realized that i need to go downtown tomorrow to print stuff which means pizza is in my future"
"rt user user no because pizza is food and communism and food go together like water and oil."
"i got the cookies got milk?"
"rt user i made cakes and cream cake which is like cookies and cream cake but better!! cakes and cream cake!! &gt;&gt; "
"user i will refrain from mocking til bama makes bacon tomorrow."
"oreo... which is already cookies n cream. made a flavor called cookies and cream lol"
"rt user ketchup doesnt belong on anything .
"user i'm losing it. i need a beer."
"user peter, 21 sausage &amp; porkchopper not tho"
"rt user tiny wonder bread .
"rt user beef cutlet-stuffed garlic bread .
"user buy that man a beer"
"rt user clemson s tanner muse returns a fumble for a td and proceeds to crack open a beer 15 yards .
"so user it takes 30+ mins for me to order, pay for and receive my order of you chicken tenders im confused! wehaveaproblem"
"beer pong and thongs!!! hmu for the address"
"rt user a coworker showed up with a big box of donuts for us! gotta finish these before user wakes up~ &gt;=3 .
"user what is your brand of mayonnaise you use to put on a grilled cheese sandwich? survey question"
"user which is worse my meme or my school cheese? .
"rt user nixon: "i'm the most disliked potus in history." bush: "hold my beer." trump: "hold my red hat, white hood &amp; russian p"
"i should have just sucked it up and went out tonight.. instead im home baking mac &amp; cheese. .
"rt user watched youtube videos on how to cook grilled cheese without burning the bread, really helpful lol .
"rt user final swainsboro 40 bacon county 28 region 2-aa contest"
"rt user buffalo chicken pull-apart bread the only way to improve shareable bread is with buffalo chicken and lots of cheese "
"rt user how did user get its name? . tacomac wings user craftbeers qotd "
"currently: pizza and netflix "
"somebody love me and buy me a pizza lol"
"that syracuse win has inspired me to pop in a frozen pizza."
"rt user important psa: string cheese is not nearly as tasty if you don't peel it before you eat it"
"i just had the most delicious lobster mac &amp; cheese i have ever had omg bruh... worth every fuckin penny that's definitely my new spot"
"rt user if you don't have time to peel the string cheese and you have to bite it, your life is too fast paced for me"
"rt user never talk bread around birds ."
"rt user if youre heading over to the crystal lake dunkin donuts theres no line right now. but the floor is very very slipper"
"user what a risk taker! you should take up parachuting out of planes now. of course, you may lose those nine cookies."
"rt user my wife says it look like a dog's nose, but i'm confused on which one to go into, i don't drink beer. .
"rt user 1995 president trump pizza hut commercial user maga i loved this ad back in the day this is when "
"snellville nothing bundt cakes bakery celebrating grand opening oct. 23 - . .
"user i especially love baked brie in puff pastry!!"
"user my mans in front of you about to toss his cookies"
"the 6-degrees of kevin bacon, college football version are always entertaining."
"rt user we decided to make halloween cookies .
"jadda is one person who ill never lose contact with man ...... 6 years of a friendship and we talk every 1-2 months ketchup"
"rt user i just wanna bake cookies at 3am, watch movies and wear the same niggas t-shirts and love the same nigga for life "
"rt user seokjin having an existencial crisis bc he accidentally revealed that eatjins menu was pizza will never not be fun "
"n o yea dat cash bag i don't use money to determine how i deal wit people cuz ima get my own bread plugs more valuable to me"
"cookies and strawberries"
"when the waiter stops shredding parmesan cheese but you haven't said "when" yet .
"rt user clemson to ou: hold my beer. didnotseethatcoming"
"user good night angel cakes "
"fat ass ate all the fucking pizza and now im sad and not even high anymore "
"rt user national media: "my god sooners...iowa state? really?" clemson: "hold my beer""
"rt user i love oatmeal raisin cookies"
"what on earth?! a dark chocolate, nutella bread pudding ganache with vanilla ice cream as the .
"rt user me: [cakes getting smashed to smithereens] him: [already gripping my neck with crackhead strength] me: harder also, "
"ketchup .
"foxy can't open soda .
"these pizza rolls taste like a steak right now "
"lofthouse sugar cookies and chick-fil-a .
"i am entering to win user a box of cheryls premium halloween cookies. you can too user 10/18/17 .
"user user been doing low carb since feb, but usually stick to low carb beer or bourbon maybe once .
"update: my beautiful roommate came home &amp; offered me some yogurt &amp; a japanese soda. pizza still not here."
"rt user gotta get a beer in my mouth tonight baby!"
"rt user it's the war of the dodgers fans and beer review from oskar blues .
"that's right, there's free beer in irish paradise. everyone's jealous."
"user i don't like chocolate, cake, ice cream or most candy"
"rt user creamy stovetop macaroni and cheese .
"rt user i love french fries .
"dey cheese burgers suck doe .."
"rt user pizza fries. .
"retweeted foodporn (user pasta pizza. . .
"energy drinks the cause of brain hemorrhage, doctors say .
"thanks mamita for da cheese cake haylabyu "
"user awesome, but the beer won't be budweiser !!"
"rt user niggas don't be spending no real bread on y'all that's why you can't relate to a bitch who'll go out her way for her nigga."
" danielle los tush and beer. i submit it doesnt get much better .
"tushetian guda cheese sold in california and new york young entrepreneur revives georgian cheese making traditions .
"today i have the pleasure of doing the bacon's wedding at 2pm in kentucky.. @ taylor mill, kentucky .
"rt user some people are as bland as bread"
"rt user ya mcm can't finish his beer lmao"
"nathan myhrvold's *modernist bread* reveals the secrets of gluten . .
"user cabras bizarre adventure: atack on beer edition"
"rt user give him the fuckin bread .
"loading sausage coolers for saturday markets ptreefarmersmkt &amp; freedomfarmersmkt @ pine street .
"watch band flip clemson flag at varsity pizza after su upset oitnf . .
"rt user [last supper] jesus: take this and eat; this is my body judas: *starts choking on bread* jesus: yah those are my swe"
"rt user the 15 best places for a goat cheese in atlanta . atlanta goatcheese dining"
"rt user cheese rolls from porto's please "
"me craving for donuts and cookies rn."
"user likewise! root beer lovers unite! =u"
""life's too short to settle for powdered cheese." my latest at user .
"rt user chandazsides bbqmeatballs potatowedges onionrings mac&amp;cheese .
"2 things empty out quickly on weekends - petrol from tank and beer from barrel "
"rt user "my fatass thought this was bread" 161k retweets 220k likes .
"rt user and she had reputation m&amp;ms and reputation cookies, she's so extra. reputationsecretsessions"
"check out this deal! t. bacon's bbq .
"this 5k is for matthew and my mom - 2 of the bigger bacon lovers in the family! baconrun @ jim .
"user sandwiches. a ham and cheese slathered with mayonnaise = next level"
"as i sit here on the toilet holding my stomach, im starting to think maybe i shouldnt have eaten an entire family size bowl of mac &amp;cheese"
"this mama cooks! on a diet - need halloween sandwich ideas kids love? make a jack-o-lantern cheese ... .
"rt user damn dude got dem cakes .
"i am entering to win cherylsdesserts a box of cheryls premium halloween cookies. you can too suelee1998 10/18/17 .
"now playing: rich the kid - cookies n sherbert -&gt; .
"user is that blue cheese on top? "
"police looking for man who pleasured himself at florida panera bread .
"saturday at 8am and im drinking a beer listening to yfn lucci, who i cant stand by the way."
"rt user lady-id like the chocolate cake waiter-very popular dessert with expectant mothers guy-youre pregnant? lady-may w"
"rt user easy cake decorating tips for beautiful homemade cakes every time! . via user
"young chicken tenders and fries with ranch and buffalo sauce .
"sees someone in an einstein bros bagels shirt that says "thick cut bacon" on it. billie would wear it"
"user it's almost like watching chefs table and then ordering in a pizza... guilty"
"wxia/11 alive: energy drinks the cause of brain hemorrhage, doctors say .
"ole nick may have been right ? it's poison, rat poison ! top 10 eats the tainted cheese on fri.13th. down goes 2 &amp; 8. upset saturday ?"
"the brenton beer guide - bennett brenton, phd &amp; dan ramirez... beverages beverages .
"danielle los tush and beer. i submit it doesnt get much better .
"rt user morning joe: hillary clinton private email server defense has more holes in it than swiss cheese .
"rt user clemson gonna clemson! clemson hold my beer. washington st"
"i'm gaining weight the right way: i'm drinking beer."
"user user user jim enters a tap room: why do they call it craft beer? they should call it c .
"cheese grits for breakfastz one of it favorite southern foods yum cheesegrits @ gwinnett .
"we had these baby turnips last night. i mashed them with goat cheese."
"rt user man loses a portion of his head because of energy drinks . .
"rt user how the sausage is made. .
"i like women the way i like my beer... imperial and stout."
"watching college football, eating pizza &amp; studying today"
"yummy - our cheese makers have created this special tasty halloween treat for you - limited supply get yours toda .
"i'm feelin some dublin donuts this morning "
"rt user thank you, 7th grade betas for showing your appreciation of our acms faculty &amp; staff! the cookies were delicious! .
"thinking about todays requirements of music as i drive to a beer festival... then the col moment of the day... .
"pires: yes, cesc threw the pizza at ferguson . .
"kid had a sign to venmo him beer money on college gameday. i requested money from him instead because thats real l .
"yep, we'll take all of these for breakfast this morning from bread and butter bakery! .
"you know its a good morning when you start it with football &amp; pizza! catch me in action with user &amp; .
"rt user see as one liverpool player dey send man utd players go buy bread and egg.. this match no be small thing o https"
"this dinosaur is ready to party:) . custom dinosaur birthday cookies to match an invitation. dinosaurparty .
"ok time to burn off some of these bacon and eggs at kickboxing"
"join us at gameday for mimosas, 11-3 cold beer!! awesome food!!"
"i package in individual servings..microwave till cheese crisps on top "
"user hell naaa food &amp; beer too "
"rt user win free pizza for a year by posting to instagram! find out more ad--&gt; . lovehopepizza "
"rodney carrington - titties and beer .
"somebody go get me a sausage egg &amp; cheese mcmuffin please."
"sausage biscuit .
"rt user if i come to your function and discover fruit in my mac &amp; cheese, there's gonna be a lot of slow singin' and flower bring"
"this is the look of a happy mama about to destroy a burger. @ bread &amp; butterfly .
"this one girl said im ugly..broke bread then she fucked me "
"rt user hey, you guys ready to see another fraud become exposed? grab a beer, pull up, &amp; get ready for 4 more years with tr "
"rt user eat bacon - not rat poison gm, y'all, and roll tide! .
"rt user do you guys like my new pink phone case? its super cute right? scruff has anyone got cracking on that bacon? https:"
"this paleo chicken pot pie is a wonderful way to reinvent chicken or turkey leftovers. . .
"rt user user user exactly. democrats believe that every person of color is born &amp; bread to be in their party. it "
"okay the villanova chases beer sign was good"
"user young dunkin donuts"
"this cake is basically a giant raspberry truffle! chocolate cakes, filled w raspberry jam, and covered in choco .
"try this tasty pecan pasta with pesto and bacon: . .
"user incomplete. beer and musket missing."
"everyone enjoys eating cookies, cake, and pie, but no one likes cleaning up the mess. happy nationaldessertday .
"who doesn't love mac n' cheese? yum . .
"we don't need a user pepsi, we just need a user sprite knowyourworth... soda = social change .
"want some coffee and donuts this morning? want to hear directly from candidates who may be creating laws that... .
"rt user i just want to motivate these niggas get they bread up user
"wake yo ass up time to get this bread !! morningmotivation"
"user bacon beggin strips!"
"rt user who wants to invest in a tatoo removal business? hot cakes."
"rt user why are all of these cheeses named *something* jack? i vow to one day have a cheese monopoly and rename them to pepper"
"on the savory side this morning we have our smoked sausage biscuits! permanentslaw .
"rt lifewithalcohol: liquor before beer you're in the clear beer before liquor you'll be okay don't be a little bitchvai woridtravels"
"nowplaying no laziness by ketchup ft. bunji garlin on .
"rt user when your friends ordering pizza and you yell buy wings .
"will some one get brittany some cheese with her wine. don't forget her crying towel. .
"rt user black men semen tastes like grape soda in my might cheek and throat. grape my mouth. .
"simple, sure-fire instructions for making your very first beer . brewyourownbeer"
"pires: cesc threw the pizza at fergie . .
"i am not super artsy, but i sure can fake it with these simple (and adorable!) pumpkin cut out sugar cookies &gt; .
"seokjin just dipped his steak in ketchup i don't know him anymore"
"rt user anyone wanna grab a beer or 12 tonight?"
"user have you eaten dutch monkey donuts in cumming? or the little asian bakerys that are usually attached to hmart. yummm"
"anybody ever wonder why we love tater tots more than french fries?"
"chicago gets big wake-up call after less than 3 months of soda tax .
"rt user chalktoberfest this weekend in marietta square, marietta florida. chalk murals, beer festival, music, food. "
"well fuck it, if we doing this then i want my son to join the girlscouts so i can get the inside track on those cookies."
"rt user middle, high and 9th's: try our special hot grillers sandwiches. the chick n cheese griller &amp; the steak n chees "
"user young sausage biscuit in the hizzouse!"
"rt user our new chicken tenders and side of s'awesome sauce are both so good, youll wonder whether you should dip or not. "
"union city eagles cheerleaders father-daughter pancake breakfast!"
"chicken tenders and studio time maybe i'll get something done"
"im making a veggie omelet and cheese grits with homemade french toast. .
"want a year of free pizza? enter with a social share in hungryhowies lovehopepizza . .
"stuffed pigsfeet with bacon, sausage, and herbs eggtoberfest user @ stone mountain park .
"rt user you know its a good morning when you start it with football &amp; pizza! catch me in action with user &amp; "
"new! zucchini &amp; cornbread fritter freshly grated zucchini, cheddar cheese and bread crumbs .
"user this is gona being out all the fruit-cakes"
"i wish yall could see what we look like otw to athens rn. no bra, no pants, but we got beer hail ya"
"snack fingerling potatoes w/ garlic, herbs + parmesan, bacon &amp; ranch soup pumpkin squash w/ pecan cream"
"snack fb macaroni + cheese w/ oxtail snack fb mashed potato w/ roasted pork chop, green beans &amp; steak sauce"
"enjoy cookies &amp; milk with santa! - .
"if anyone tries to tell you they have never folded a shitty $1 frozen pizza in half and eaten like a taco they are dead ass lyin' to you"
"rt user the brown bread is better than the white bread at cheesecake factory. don't @ me"
"i want sugar cookies"
"rt user 78 of my last 78 servers heard me the first time when i asked for more bread."
"and cold beer .
"2 hash browns &amp; a parfait w granola"
"paul tell me why with that hat backwards makes you look like that one guy from the movie road trip: beer pong .
"bacon .
"i had a dream i bought some cocaine in chuck-e-cheese last night lmao"
"watch. im going to show up at this chuck entertainment cheese and the kids are going to be mean af"
"rt user liquor before beer you're in the clear beer before liquor you'll be okay don't be a little bitch"
"rt user harris county carver middle school advance chorus pancake breakfast .
"are you ready for game day! we are! beer, wine and food to go! bennett's is your one-stop shop for saturdays! .
"be sure to grab your limited edition table beer glassware before we run out! avail. onsite &amp; thru the link. .
"all day long baby!!! horror halloween beer sweetwaterbrewery jekyllbrewing @ barnesville, .
"rt user new! zucchini &amp; cornbread fritter freshly grated zucchini, cheddar cheese and bread crumbs .
"national dessert day! celebrate with candies, ice cream, fruits, cookies, pastries, and cobblers. share your celebr .
"rt user i don't know the question, but isn't the answer always cheese? perhaps it's the one thing cats, mice, and men have "
"user user love love love pizza!!!! .
"anyone else gonna make it out to user vs user first beer is on us."
"i want some good spaghetti. no meatballs. with spicy sausage. and sugar on the side "
"for sale: (1) chuck e. cheese's animatronic band . .
"rt user omg this literally what i eat for breakfast! 2 hash browns exactly &amp; parfait .
"user in may 17 ducking a beer .
"of course i eat ass, i drank the vienna sausage juice when i'm done w it"
"rt user cheese dip and guac being served w ur endless chips and salsa for free .
"rt user user check out the mention and praise in our podcast! love your beer &amp; appreciate your service!!! usa "
"how does "the beer from around here" get "everywhere"? come to our export panel to find out! . .
"rt user the essence of breaking bread is so that we see the christ. watch apostle grace lubega in this remarkable sermon... h"
"it's deluxe buffet day! only $9.99 for unlimited wings, pizza, pasta, salad, breadsticks and zeppoles. .
"user you might, however, enjoy my version of slightly sweet &amp; spicy bacon. i bake it slowly with a sprink .
"pack looking like a christmas tree, tell santa i got something that go well wit them sugar cookies"
"shrimp &amp; sausage for breakfast "
"meet a 17-year-old who saved a mans life by taking him to a dunkin donuts: .
"rt user its not a real nigga wing spot unless they put two slices of white bread under what you ordered."
"zippy donuts is better then k.ks( krispy kreme) donuts. to me tho. but k.ks coffee cake is the bomb!!!!!!!!!"
"rt user "late nite" breakfast! golden pancakes, royal kona coffee, honey-cured bacon &amp; fresh local ka lei eggs user .
"rt user donuts, maaaaan. donuts."
"rt user a large pizza just for myself sounds so good rn"
"me and demir made everything in the kitchen. so far we ate bosnian soup smoothie sundays tea an cookies deep dish mac n cheese pizza "
"deep dish biscuit crust mac n cheese pizza. we insane."
"rt user loaf of bread or corgi? .
"i checked in at kauai beer company on yelp .
"i can't wait until my mom comes back from maui so i can eat my stress and sadness away with krispy kreme donuts"
"user user imagine if corn pizza was regular pizza except there were just giant cobs of corn slapped onto the top"
"we made dough, cinnamon sugar filling, and cream cheese frosting from scratch. halp."
"yes until he sees me put away a large pizza by myself .
"rt user i am crying. the beer exploding on the one chick and the gibberish as the other one probably falls into a coma https:/"
"i read mini pizza as mina pizza and i was like that me ?"
"user user user farridge speaks only for himself. he's a rich boy, beer swilling liar &amp; all .
"rt user lets grab some beer, put on some mexican bangers, and fuck shit up! "
"catos pizza reminds me the most of frankies... just missing aoli. need it"
"i never made nothing from scratch as a kid. we made the philadelphia cream cheese recipe for cheesecake. that was about it."
"mac n' cheese please: hughley's southern restaurant oahu . familytravel kidfriendly ttot"
". pizza n gears lets gooo!! user user user user .
"user you forgot manipulative, self-serving, self-aggrandising, beer swilling gurner, alleged fraudster, raci .
"user you could just put it on toast and melt it a little......melted cheese is the best lol"
"rt user i could really use some pizza rolls"
"a delicious avocado banana bread recipe courtesy of the watertable . via user
"sitting on the porch drinking beer &amp; singing along to country songs with the boyfriend, what could be better?"
"diana sleeping on my couch and i just wanna make pizza rolls"
"rt user im forever addicted to my own tteokbokki with cheese can never have enough tangkilikinangsarilingatin "
"rt user flatimes: our daily bread 15 october 2017 devotional creat... .
"got my beer, they're playing soja at whole foods....luvs it"
"user what are ketchup chips? i have been known to put plain chips in ketchup so i am interested"
"lmao dominos sends out a recording when the driver leaves the store with your pizza and my drunk ass was so confused "
"i cant believe someone pour beer down my shirt "
"i got more sauce than a pizza beenpopin"
"user thanks baby cakes"
"ive been drinking soda and eating rice like wtf i dont even like soda and rice "
"join us next week , saturday 10/21 for the 2017 great waikiki beer festival ! koholabrewery in .
"user this is true, at least pizza will love me back"
"looks luscious zucchini chocolate vegan cake! .
"here's the recipe! zucchini chocolate cake .
"my mom gave me her credit card info so i could get pizza .
"no matter how parched you are... dont drink user soda! smh!! im still pissed!!!! .
"rt user kylee texts me saying you should make cookies tonight and i literally made some like 2 hours ago we are the same perso"
"rt user join us next week , saturday 10/21 for the 2017 great waikiki beer festival ! koholabrewery in .
"rt user jesus answered, "it is written: man shall not live on bread alone, but on every word that comes from the mouth of god."
"rt user kinda wanna study kinda wanna eat pizza kinda wanna work out kinda wanna sleep for months"
"rt user rule 1: always save the beer .
"note to self: stop drinking so much beer or your halloween costume won't fit..."
"i been getting bread you cant relate "
"young soda .
"rt user ill only eat dairy if its pizza. not really a cake person. more like chicken and waffles or pizza person. .
"rt user user user yes! hand out cookies 4 being good ppl who do the right thing. 2 many people doing the w "
"pizza at 3???? bout it"
"rt user 3-ingredient bacon wrapped chicken bites = a perfect appetizer or easy tailgate snack! ad user &gt;&gt; "
"oh u mean pizza .
"r.i.p leilani... ill miss you baby cakes "
"marble soda on wtf!? dual launchpad play!? .
"des: lowkey im craving a beer lol if you know des, shell never say this "
"rt user see how user creates a unique watch from beer barrels, plus save $50 on one of your own: "
"i wants some pancakes from i hop and eggs with cheese asaprocky"
"user user i thought it was soda "
"why do people drink beer when wine coolers have the same alcohol content and taste better"
"rt user put this on your calendars! international quit soda day - october 20th. .
"rt user meanwhile, scientists are still trying to explain why a circular pizza is placed in a square box and eaten in trian "
"rt user my mans bought cheese and ate it all himself user .
"when you been up since 4am and thinking if i should still bake cookies mohetime"
"rt user nutella stuffed chocolate chip cookies .
"rt user chuck e cheese did that .
"rt user "what does jfc mean" "jesus fried chicken""
"user its crazy i even got to hangout and have a beer with him too lol"
"rt user italian beef with everything extra cheese on it "
"user you can make halloween cookies for me"
"i used to hate sprite but now i love it bc it's the only soda i can have "
"rt user when you're addicted to hash browns. .
"in the oven now... sourdough banana bread! aroma of sweet sourdough multiplied by tangerine essential oil &amp; banana.."
"rt user my mom made jacksepticeye cookies and my little sister made these cute cards .
"rt user when you ask for a water cup at a restaurant but put soda in it instead .
"rt user macaroni and cheese .
"rt user wsu last night: man that loss was embarrassing uw: hold my beer pac12afterdark uwvsasu"
"ok beer break. pausing the ep"
"this sixth beer is not going down too good... im weak yall and light weight these days. wheres my user sis at?!"
"rt user i think this guy might know what he's talking about here. good for him. me? i need another beer. it's beeroclock "
"rt user women get turned on by cheese and fermented grape juice that's crazy"
"20s : beer 40s : coffee ?"
"pan crust pepperoni pizza from user mmmmm want whatyouknowaboutthispizzaboy .
"rt user im bout to fuck some pizza rolls up tonight in the name of depression"
"user how many times should i repeat this? it ain't slime yet. needs more activator and baking soda."
"user this is not slime yet it needs more borax and baking soda why cant people listen to meeeeeeee"
"pizza hut parka keeps you as warm as a pizza: . . .
"rt user congratulations edward barber for bringing home the bacon :) maywardkilig onhimigasap .
"rt user enjoy user newest top-your-own jolly hotdog with jalapeno, cheese and bacon bits! which one is your favori "
"i feel like makin cookies rn lol"
"user user it needs more borax and baking soda. then it will be slime"
"everyone should try infinitea @ kam-shop like right next to da pizza hut, its pretty g not gonna lie tryumgotryumgo"
"well fuck my cookies, i got shooed to go upstairs. this bitch .
"rt user if you ask me to hold your beer, i'll drink it"
"rt user marble soda on wtf!? dual launchpad play!? .
"rejectedcookbooktitles the bread also rises"
"basil pesto and beer"
"nowplaying no beer (radio edit) by f1jo on . ! dl the free rudeboy radio 808 app on itunes or google play!"
"rt user ice cold beer slushies .
"rt user happy pizza is a pizza sold in cambodia topped with marijuana."
"woke up craving for steak and pizza "
"rt user victimhood is a bakery round the corner and everyone wants their daily bread. .
"rt user i had to re-up and recoupe to get my bread up."
"cookie butter chocolate swirl cookies . recipe"
"i tried making kimbap with melted cheese. its life."
""she's literally like me and she literally makes me so happy.. i'm so happy" soda happy 4 friendsss"
"rt user nandi cakes chief executive of pick me twitter , more cakes to your elbow . .
"rt user me: how did you get ketchup in your armpit? 1-year-old: *smiles mysteriously*"
"what kind of lives do y'all unwanted first slices of bread live?"
"user have you ever had peanut butter bread? toasted with some jelly or jam on it....it's life changing"
"rt user pizza with coke can .
"the amount of beer i've had is almost unhealthy"
"user i am exactly the child scared by chuck e cheese"
"rt user changmin: i rly like beer. if there's a chance i'd like to film a beer commercial w yunho. yunho: wld u all want to see one? "
"rt user call (626) 599-3700 &amp; ask ceo bane to stop selling beer brewed by backers of trump &amp; gop! . .
"rt user from floating restaurants to cheese shops there are hundreds of places to refuel by the water. .
"rt user changmin said he likes beer a lot and he hopes he can film a beer advertisement with yunho. yunho: is there beer advertisemen"
"where can i get good korean fried chicken wings"
"rt user [taeyanginkl] hes back with an encore! the bouncy bread down .
"rt user igambleon whether on not to refrain from eating bacon... i usually always lose."
"user no. not a damn thing. and today i had champagne and light beer. still nothing. no headaches. been drink .
"rt user eat enough krispy kreme donuts and you'll glow like one. .
"rt user we ran out of eggs, but i have plenty of sausage whatelsedouwant4breakfast .
"rt user you cant buy happiness but you can buy donuts .
"rt user today me &amp; my kid went for vegan pizza &amp; watched cast away. then i dropped moulin rouge on her. oh ya."
"pizza and streaming make the perfect pair tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + to get a snack for your scary movie night "
"drinking a kentucky breakfast stout (kbs) (2017) by user @ quality beer .
"rt user welcome back october. may yours be filled with: - huntin' - cooler weather - football - cold beer - bonfires "
"user you should have chicago style pizza with sausage, pepperoni, cheese and bacon. a better pizza w .
"user user lou's should do a sausage pizza hot pocket and have jg do a commercial for it. yourewelcome $$$"
"douse us all in grape soda .
"i just wanna bake cookies w/ you "
"rt user [bonus] 103. cheese jerky - mitchel musso &amp; jason earles. hannah montana had moments man. .
"rt user pizza and streaming make the perfect pair tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + to get your snack on .
"set of 12 wooden tea cup cheese board and spreader usd 29.99 . .
"rt user mike amiris on me stretch but im holdin all this bread ima keep me a bag, they been sayin i was next ever since i jumpe"
"user pizza is not dumb"
"i bet neil armstrong was pretty bummed to discover the moon wasn't made of cheese."
"my mom is going to bed with a beer in her hand.."
"casey has ordered us pizza twice this week, a week before user wedding. i am going to be a heifer cantsaynotopizza"
"i like the shortbread cookies from the girl scouts there i said it"
"the pancake has burned in the griddle. i repeat, the pancake is burned in the griddle send in ... the syrup"
"so im supposed to fast this weekend but i literally almost binged on yellow cake and chocolate frosting..."
"ummmm the 24-hour-a-day cookies at this hotel have raisins in them. raisins. no."
"three sheeps cashmere hammer stout nitro on tap now. . user craftbeer chicago nowpouring beermenus"
"spaten oktoberfest on tap now. . user craftbeer chicago nowpouring beermenus"
"user lemme get a stuffed crust from pizza hut and one of the big ass cookies ill dm address"
"the fact that i'm basically destroying my body for beer league softball makes me question my life choices"
"user if you're going to tax anything, tax soda. honestly, i want to slap an economics textbook on their heads for repealing this."
"user while you could already buy beer and rent a car lol"
"user man, cheese curds are so good."
"adulting to me is being able to eat a salad without adding bacon or dressing "
"thinking of having a pizza? call us @ 708-403-3335 pizza italianvilllapizza orlandpark .
"just got offered a beer on my walk to patricia and kellys "
"they say when you meet the pizza of your dreams, time stops. and that's true. pizza orlandpark italianvillapizza .
"nothing beats a hot fresh pizza !!pizza#orlandpark italianvillapizza .
"rt user because 1 cheese mac and cheese just isn't enough .
"user the beer nerd and friday college football crowd is probably not a very big cross section, but i am here for this"
"the question is do i get the lava cakes from dominos"
"pizza movies and drugs would be life r/n"
"rt user bacon-wrapped fries .
"rt user episode 601 - 607: i dont eat dairy. 54% of way through crossover: can someone please get me a grilled cheese sandwich"
"rt user so cute for the kids' lunchboxes this month! 100% real cheese. learn more here: . ad "
"rt user happy friday night, mis amigos. going out for pizza &amp; a respite from trump anxiety. .
"my friend crystal is making monkey bread"
"user user so are the lava cakes it adds up my paypal is mberk100user
"user or..... i could gain the ability to pull pizza out of thin air and it would have no impact on my cholesterol."
"rt user say cheese .
"rt user let me get that pizza n fries .
"bring back the beer with jesus thomas rhett .
"rt user tonight on user user visits a family in chalmette, la. together they break bread and reconcile differ "
"user user email customer service!! one time they gave me two free pizzas a dessert pizza and a two liter of pop!!"
"rt user 101317 |wannaoneinmanila woojin x jihoon how can i sleep? pink sausage burned it up! woojin jihoon "
"rt user user - morning sausage - user e user .
"rt user jay alexander&amp; hans berlin "morning sausage" by user .
"rt user craftbeer mr. beer northwest pale ale 2 gallon homebrewing craft beer refill kit .
"rt user there is so much you can do with puff pastry. so many different recipes! find out here: . "
"user user kraft mac and cheese gonna sue you... .
"rt user buy 1 user w/ visa checkout, get your next pizza free while supplies last. terms and exclusions apply. .
"my dog drinks beer"
"tomorrow is our 2nd annual oktoberfest! beer, brats, sauerkraut, pretzels, &amp; swag! dress up, get rewarded! 8pm start time/free beer at 10pm!"
"rt user dinner :) chicken with onions/peppers/garlic/cheese.. so good!!! agatakitchen .
"because everything taste better with cheese!!!!!"
"rt user only 7 ingredients in this sage apple stuffed pork tenderloin in bacon ! juicy, tender and bursting .
"time to relax and enjoy a nice cold beer! beerme "
"rt user what type of beer do bunnies like? ipa's, bc their all about the hops dadjokes"
"10-14 a dutch cheese with true italian flair! robusto is a... . parrano .
"rt user pulp &amp; lusia - beer . girlswithtattoos hot inked inkedgirls nsfw sexy sg suicidegirls t"
"grants first beer .
"user "sure if thats what you want to do. we could go back to the hotel. there is still a loaf of bread .
"user user leave my soda alone!"
"rt user user theres a full dead bug cooked into my pizza. refund? .
"is it a new england thing to rim your beer with cinnamon sugar? cause this is some game-changing stuff. providence"
"user the pumpkin line in the beer buzz was a copy/paste mistake. ignore that crap."
"rt user my amazing wife made me some ki ki cookies!! she's the greatest!! i'm lucky to have her. .
"user it's so fun, we do facials, light candles, talk, bake cookies. this week we're adding pedicures."
"is cheese a fruit or a vegetable? "
"rt user some dip their chicken tenders in the side of sawesome sauce, some don't. grab them w/ fries &amp; a drink for just $5. .
"rt user chocolate peanut butter cake .
"i'm so confused on how i just ordered pizza&amp; the shit just got made&amp; put in the delivery car all in 14 mins ..... this shit better be legit"
"rt user shout out to insomnia cookies, target and perkins!! thanks for sponsoring us and helping in the fight against domes "
"nothing like our version of a calzone !!! orlandpark pizza italianvillapizza calzones .
"cameron dallas if you are reading this you should know that i love you more than i love pizza, and i love pizza a lot"
"rep. moylan is a chief cosponsor of hb 4083. the measure would prohibit counties from imposing soda taxes in the future."
"rt user don't call for delivery, make these! these homemade pepperoni pizza twists are enjoyable for the entire family. "
"up next, the food version of "big bucks, no whammies...stop!" "wretched rice cakes of love!" ranma"
"rt user she said me or da bread /|\ / \ / ) "
"user lol im at a pizza place too!!!!!"
"so to find true love, akane has to make rice cakes and if sakura blossoms form on his face, that's akane's love. ranma"
"rt user my pizza is 20 minutes late.....you better not cross me papa user
"just ate a whole pizza to myself, happy friday"
"now, wherever i work, they do have halloween treats, but its moreso cookies, &amp; its closer to halloween:-)"
"rt user bring me donuts if u wanna get in fa da free free .
"we hear mac n cheese closes at 9pm but they r part of the bar crawl that ended at 10pm. some not so happy folks out there. wisconsindells"
"user user now that is some toasty bread"
"rt user wait so do u have garlic bread or nah"
"rt user grilled cheese is bae .
"user can i get a few cookies "
"how mcdonald's and wendy's come out with some chicken tenders at the same damn time."
"rt user can we all just agree that beer ramen is the best thing user has ever done"
"update: asked for a cheese and chicken quesadilla and theres no cheese....s/o to you taco bell u guys are great"
"rt user don't joke about bringing home pizza and not have pizza when you get home. i take pizza very seriously."
"user i see a giant statue proudly holding up a bacon wrapped doughnut."
"do your research when youre going out to meet a perspective client for the f . bacon notaboutu"
"rt user instantpot queso mac &amp; cheese with taco meatballs recipe . .
"user give that man a beer!"
"see you this sunday user for user saycheesefest .
"user u want a pizza delivered later on give me a bell gallowhill"
"apple bacon roasted brussels sprouts recipe . .
"cook co. board president toni preckwinkle on soda tax: in her own words . .
"user user yum. jelly donuts. thats the attention span of so much of our electorate and why we .
"being stuck makes you creative. i put a block of cheddar in my chicken cream soup. yay! those melted cheese really consoles me."
"rt user another great chifriflights check out chicagos craft beer scene: . .
"you're invited: pancake breakfast - hickory hills kiwanis club .
"one of my most favorite beer companies in the world. yebisu!!! here is to the last night in .
"what if the pizza guy is my niece?"
"rt user chicken nuggets &amp; french fries .
"jollyhotdog extra cheesy jollyhotdog extra bacon jollyhotdog extra spicy excited na akong malaman. .
"user jollyhotdog extra cheesy jollyhotdog extra bacon jollyhotdog jalapeo flavored excited na akong mal .
"playing :: martin garrix - pizza :: always spinnin' the best at . !"
"rt user it's friday the 13th and i just realized i ordered pizza from some random place called lucifers!?! *cancels order*"
"young medium hot coffee and a sausage egg &amp; cheese on a croissant. .
"rt user good beer and people beating the shit out of one another = a good time user . user puts on a grea "
"gurnee donuts on yelp: just got 3 dozen for the fam to munch on this weekend. got a variety to try out. everything .
"rt user beer vs soju but i didnt drink ^^; .
"rt user 10 restaurantes con pizza (made in spain) . .
"my wife asked me last night to go pick up donuts this morning because peanut wants them lol "
"the prairie state pigskin staff did a triathlon last night in preparation of todays isu at siu game: pizza, drinks &amp; tv sports. fcs"
"gelato, donuts, homemade, tiramisu, yummy! nationaldessertday2017!!!! morkes georgio's swissmaidbakery manny' .
"rt user bacon egg &amp; cheese fried rice .
"new beer user very interesting style, a kolsch with coffee. perfect indian summer beer. nearly 20 pounds of be .
"rt user i am having pizza this evening and it's not even sunday. yeah. i know. james."
"pokiifact favorite food is cheese cake and animal crackers."
"- caf work w/ brent &amp; diana - ball pit &amp; rave @ moonlight studios - giant pizza slices from baccis yesterday wa .
"user user says who? soda consumption has been on the decline for a decade .
"ive heard of a shower beer but the real winner is a shower topo."
"rt user vote for triad!!! go to . and vote triad to have a pizza party for 400 students!!!! search pep-zo"
"dear god. eating pizza with a knife and fork is exhausting. almost makes me want to not eat it all. butiwill italy"
"rt user livmun happymatchday lfc lfcfamily ynwa @ smaltimore- burgers, sushi and craft beer .
"square to ducking cheese and rice i thought i left my phone at home and almost had a heart attack"
"we must face vader. it's time to brew the sixth star wars beer! let's do this! . via user
"spv wallet bread lets users decide during the segwit2x hard fork . bitcoin .
"rt user foods 1 with their spooktacular fruit pizza! .
"omg bacon hotdog jalapeo hotdog cheesy hotdog omg .
"i cant wait to tour user today! heard the beer is amazing."
"rt user ian beer's extra_recipe and rrm wifi exploit .
"rt user come to the career fair at the ramada inn off of i-74, pinecrest ave. exit. complimentary monical's pizza, first co "
"rt user 10-14 a dutch cheese with true italian flair! robusto is a... parrano .
"the latest the diggsville gazette! . thanks to user user user beer craftbeer"
"rt user turkey bacon &gt; regular bacon and i really don't care if you disagree"
"lmao kyle long is going to pancake this guy .
"user done properly, i like it. mostly for the cream cheese frosting, though!"
" prost to the ample beer maidens of oktoberfest (40 photos) .
"clemson gonna clemson! clemson hold my beer. washington st"
"weekends are for donuts and coffee at user portagegrounds eatlocal .
"eating a fresh slice of pizza while roaming the streets of venice = priceless. .
"rt user rainz feeding you some fried chicken rainz # .
"rt user white castle burgers &amp; bacon cheese fries .
"is this braille on my beer can???? .
"rt user guy cracking open a beer in the brown line after work. i feel you. solidarity where'smine"
"read pancake fundraiser, spookapalooza come to the sugar grove public library on oct. 28 .
"rt user accidentally fell in love w the pizza guy and found out he had a gf rip"
"donuts with my girl to kick off the birthday weekend shenanigans! sweeteverlykate .
"friends, stop by the vfw today and support our veterans! lots of bacon-themed foods available from 10 am to 6 pm! .
"pr no.53705: take beer!! takbeer!!! islamicstate is isis isil daash daesh daeshbags dawlah dawla .
"user user how's the craft beer selection"
"l: if you're 90% chunk ass, what's the other 10%? d: hash browns."
"theres a tenderloin, egg, cheese, and bacon nestled in that biscuit and gravy. . .
"oktoberfest today, veterans memorial park, downtown mchenry, il oktokberfest rotary mchenrycountyliving beer .
"don't take a chance and not get your pizza, papajohns runs out but i have never heard of a pizza hut running out. .
"rt user caramel stuffed cookies will give you all the fall feels . .
"so is it acceptable to make a pizza since i worked all night and havent slept yet?"
"are you hungry? stop by the civic center for the morton grove days commission all you can eat pancake breakfast... .
"i saw a great peanut butter cookie recipe that i thought my dad would love!my best cookies are chocochip &amp; snickerdoodles though user
"user oct 20th, 8:00pm, no cover, livemusicchicago singersongwriter chicagobars beer .
"thanks user unlimitedscreaming and user for the pizza and cheese sticks. .
"rt user pizza hut is testing vegan cheese at 5 of its uk restaurants. have you tried it yet? .
"eating drinking beer at ham's cup .
"who is the "bread winner" in your household?"
"what can make you feel better in this gloomy weather we're having??? our boston cream cakes of course!!! .
"user very yes to salt, no ketchup. now, sriracha and salt is another matter entirely...."
"chicken kebob w/fries $6.50; cajun chicken sandwich w/fries $6.50; daily beer specials $5.50/ bottle; $4 daily shot specials"
"rt user i miss the good old days when we tweeted about bacon and duct tape and penguins...."
"it's been a long time coming....and we finally perfected the chocolate cake donut! find them in our bake shop! .
"protein. donuts. say what? user new organic turmeric bone broth protein powder is the secret ingredient: .
"rt user etsy plate lefton china bread salad dessert decorative pink roses porcelain blm . via user
"gonna make some fall cookies today for a lil cookie workshop at user s next weekend cookies fun fall punkins"
"rt user i want the little halloween sugar cookies so bad"
"steak egg and cheese bagel is at user mitch can i get (my order) .. i need (his order) because hes that excited"
"plenty of pumpkins, plenty of cider, pies, and cider donuts left. come on out and get your pumpkins for this halloween"
"rt user bacon isn't the most important ingredient in a blt according to topchef judge user .
"rt user sibling rivalry! lynchian design! delicious beer! . .
"user makes the best white macadamia cookies ive ever had"
"toasted cakes pm me for orders"
"happy happy birthday user thank you sa pizza earlier! hahahaa love you my super-generous-sa-sweets friend "
"when you tryna lose weight but your partner still wants to eat pizza and cupcakes "
"rt user you mean user the woc you slander w/ your donuts &amp; user who risked her career not being a cheater "
"free back to nature chocolate chunkcookies . .
"young pizza puff .
"most disappointing childhood memory: asking for a "plain cheeseburger with nothing extra" at mcd's &amp; they gave me a burger with no cheese."
"user ...for donuts .
"drink beer, support user and win cutting privileges to the pliny the younger release sonomafires .
"rt user yeah abs would be cool but tacobell and beer are cooler"
"black cat coasters, halloween beer mat, kitty cat coasters, cat e . epiconetsy housewarming .
"rt user who called it swiss cheese instead of holy cow?"
"nice read, both clever workaround and oauth analogy via beer. i describe oauth with similar but theme park analogy.. .
"rt user user youre living in a dream world, neo.. french fries are chips &amp; chips are crisps. chips are best with "
"rt user mac and cheese if you please : supervicky55 .
"morning sweets with a side of eggs and bacon . .
"user i never received my pizza "
"itsaclassik!!! "champagne &amp; cookies"(music video) - user / . / trilllifestyle"
"rt user i woke up this morning and i grabbed myself a beer .
"rt user beer and coffee...the perfect combo. we're pretty psyched about this beerhoptacular custom latte art from user "
"cheesy pepperoni pizza sticks! .
"rt user "no rapping tonight" why? "you rap about patrick swayze everytime, it's embarrassing" ok [after one beer] uh oh y'all it's ge"
"rt user how often do you consume beer, wine, 'shine, vodka, rum, or any other alcoholic beverage?"
"have you seen our latest news? beer &amp; networking, newest video, workforce luncheon date . .
"spotlight saturday - meet our team - meet urbano, romualdo &amp; enrique.... the creative team of stellas pizza.... .
"rt user user needs ketchup."
"rt user $2.49 that's the cost of my vegan lunch. but apparently thats too expensive for people addicted to cheese &amp; meat .
"user smoke this (bread) drink this (energy drink) ill do whatever i want whore"
"try our lunch slice! lunch pizza pizzatime martels martelspizza local murphysboro .
"rt user issa wrap if my boo pull up on me like this, we fucking while the cookies baking .
"rt user [finishing tour earlier than expected] dairy farm guide: i told you last time that mozzaeric is not a cheese."
"rt user cheese bacon &amp;amp; egg burger &amp;amp; tater tots .
"netflix beer chill "
"god bless uniteds defense for being swiss cheese every once in a while - if only so degea can bless us mortals with his greatness."
"rt user . user is definition of "we don't rebuild, we reload." what a job coach bacon and staff are doing!"
"rt user floral-adorned donuts = perfection. . .
"hey chicago! who's thinking donuts this saturdaymorning? noshame . .
"pancake house .
"rt user *rubs mac &amp; cheese on gums*"
"rt user in a city where the craft beer's all good, let the food dictate where you go. aka five brewpubs to love in chicago "
"user i don't like cream cheese on its own or on bagels (even flavored kinds) but i do like cheesecake."
"treat yourself today to a delicious pizza # italianvilllapizza orlandpark pizza .
"im getting buschhhhh gear for drinking beer and you can too. yes, really. sign up at . .
"user italy is beautiful, camila is beautiful.. this video is life get well soon kaki.. dont eat too much cheese again "
"rt user breaking cook county board approves repeal of soda tax . .
"rt user everyone deserves a beer "
"mmm! applewood smoked bacon from user butcher counter is the best around. delicious! .
"and if your gig is pizza instead ...... eh? .
"user user i disagree about cold spaghetti, but i'm 100% on board with cold pizza."
"pop, lox, &amp; drop it. brunch fromscratch pizza weekendbrunch westloop : user .
"10/14 lunch 11:30-12:30 fried chicken chunks; gdf chicken tenders; vegi apple walnut acorn squash; whole kernal corn; smoked potato wedges"
"i'm talkin 5 eggs over easy, toast, home fries, hashes, 2 scrambled eggs, some sausage, 3 eggs sunny side up, bacon, 4 pancakes, and 2 eggs"
"i looked online for places in little rock who might have some salmon croquettes. everybody got fuckin crab cakes"
"sign your child up for this fun class user to learn how to make halloween cookies: .
"cookies for breakfast. who's with me?!"
"todays the day! get ready for cheese, chicken, &amp; more!! .
"cook countys now-dead sodatax and the weinstein scandal have one thing in common and its not going away. .
"rt user warm up with a cozy mug of london fog tea and a side of yummy paleo pumpkin chocolate chip cookies! ad teaproudly "
"i was having a bad morning.....until i got cinnamon donuts and now all is fine "
"rt user a dozen pancake recipes within: .
"would like to vote in a new pizza club member. user user user user user .
"rt user sign your child up for this fun class user to learn how to make halloween cookies: "
"stuffed peanut butter cup cookies .
"i love having the squishies here bc i get baked &amp; watch kids movies all day w no repurcussions. they don't judge me. plus so many cookies."
"rt user 2016 world series game 7: "you'll never see a crazier game" 2017 nlds game 5: "hold my beer""
"user user user they need a good beer down there."
"online in 5 minutes. come hang out and enjoy a beer with me :) . .
"barrel room saturdays. penrosebrewingcompany beer brewing brewery fermentation beardsofinstagram barrelroom .
"small town diner... bacon misspelled. fresh ground coffee out of folgers can. fox news on tv, trump poster. redamerica wecandobetter"
"user user then y'all bama fans won't be making fun of pizza party's for the playoff selection show now would you"
"johnson brothers summerchintz 7 bread dessert plates england floral .
"user user i remember odor flipping bautistas glasses off his face. and blue jays fans nailing a baby with a half full beer....."
"rt user pop, lox, &amp; drop it. brunch fromscratch pizza weekendbrunch westloop : user .
"love amish friendship bread? the friendship bread kitchen is giving away a popover pan! .
"mmmmm .. i finally got to try out betty janes kitchen and their awesome donuts!! good thing .
"reporters standing in a hurricane: danger is our middle name this guy: hold my beer .
"rt user can we make caseys breakfast pizza a 24 hour thing?"
""the kids loved sleeping in and waking up to the scent of pancakes and sausage" . breakfast .
"weekend watch:cook county soda tax repeal: . .
"rt user just found some ketchup in my shoe. feeling blessed. .
"el elohim ministries: daily bread of life .
"lets get a birthday beer .
"rt user if you're ever in inverurie make sure you stop off for great food,fab coffee &amp; cakes at thekiltedfrog thanks for "
"rt user the 1st canal girl guides are at user selling mint cookies til noon come get yours fallriverns .
"5 miller high life glass beer mugs mancave bar .
"rt user have you figured what will you do for dinner? no? check this pizza pasta recipe here: . .
"user chocolate chip cookies! with extra nielson-massey vanilla!!! .
"rt user tonight: -retweet for no cover and a chance to win $100 bartab -$4 mixed drink &amp; beer pitchers -$.50 cent shots .
"user ahhhh, sausage link would have been so good!"
"get your user for 50% off your next pizza!"
"to much lean in my soda u know i had to po it"
"woodfired pizza's with dog ny pizzeria woodfiredpizza hotdogs .
"i really want some pizza and some popcorn "
"rt user yeah, i'm that mom with beer in her yeti at your kids bday party...don't judge."
"fried chicken sandwich coated in hotboy with blue cheese on top! doesn't get any better! have it .
"check out budweiser beer rare 1987 mardi gras doubloon coin rare clydesdales horse . via user
"pure bread .
"it's name is bacon. that is the greatest name for a cat."
"user in your dreams!! ha! see what i did there? but seriously, sure, you can have one of my dream cookies."
"rt user three dozen geese were found dead in an upstate new york pond. the culprit? moldy bread. .
"user user i love it and retweeted it. bacon is the greatest name for a cat. i have 1 named crazy .
"user what they sellin cookies"
"rt user new beer review: 95 pts user old 504 new orleans, louisiana .
"user asktroye come back to nyc and i'll buy you pizza thanks!"
"grain free pancake muffins recipe. gluten free &amp; so fluffy! . .
"mmmmm beer drinklocal (@ lazlo's brewery &amp; grill - haymarket in lincoln, ne) .
"user payment taken. 18:46. pos terminal says 18:38 though. still waiting.. 2nd pizza stacked on first one that's.cont.."
"rt user raw pizza bites &gt; pizza lunchables .
"pompomglam partysupplies cupcakeflags . glam, yet adorable for cakes and cupcakes. use for .
"when kaleb wake up from his nap, he's gonna be ready to make cookies- tho he doesnt eat them lol"
"who wanna get that work on beer pong at twerkwarspajamaedition pregame im undefeated"
"the place where dreams come true bacon htx blessed @ doc's motorworks bar &amp; grill .
"user user user i tipped my pizza delivery guy 30% last xmas &amp; told him "happy holidays .
"just realised i have tweeted about pizza in ages because i haven't burnt it...what a surprise"
"loveher embodyingbeauty pastorslife afternoonoff @ brew (shreveport's beer festival) .
"well another year gone for the kid. he got waffles and bacon for breakfast and is looking forward to a day of... .
"rt user barstool pizza review - wedgewood pizza (youngstown, oh) .
"rt user im having a lil yard sale! selling shit. come thru. i made cookies 1410 jensen ave "
"brew beer festival is underway! over 150 beers, food, music, sports and more is happening now at shreveport's premi .
"start off the week with a fresh, ice cold beer and bar food favorite at turtle's bar. . .
"warehouse party tonight user x user 10pm-late free beer til 11pm 18+ supa tite djs .
"i want some fuckin cheese fries"
"2nd chance donuts survey. user .
"rt user seokjin complaining about how his mother didnt bought pizza for him and his friends will always be the cutest thin "
"please have fun filling this out! we appreciate your feedback secondchances donuts superfood .
"somebody get blaze pizza w me"
"when you come home and the first invite you get is a beer pong and a swimming party. i am going to need an adult."
"rt user i walked past a tennessee fried chicken the other day, and i wondered how many uk chicken shops are called "[us state]"
"throw out bread crumbs, you get a few pigeons."
"rt user i just want someone to deliver french fries to my house once a day. is that so much to ask???"
"this little boy saw me about to walk in pizza hut and ran to open the door for me. y'all know my emotional self was about to cry"
"user right? i'm highly motivated by food. gimme ramen, pho, or even a great pizza and that will motivate me to beat the other guy."
"island's cheese fries are so bomb "
"i saved a truckload of money one beer with this one simple trick. .
"i eat way too much pizza "
"rt user october 14, 1978: president jimmy carter signed bill hr1337, which included the federal legalization of home beer- "
"rt user aww look at bacon .
"a man just bought me a beer bc i helped him spell a word to text someone"
"rt user user full on fallopian fungus? cheese on the taco?"
"i need a drink and a chocolate cake"
"dominos can remodel all the stores they want but their pizza continues to be is terrible. they need to make the pizza better."
"user i will supply the puns, bad grammar, and soda pop!"
"the best cheese at trader joe's .
"user user user user damn i'm in chicot. hot this year for gumbo. you enjoy. bring lots of cold beer"
"literally the reason i hate energy drinks lol .
"my sister made me a grilled cheese and sopita de fideo lol das love"
"la does this thing where they put cream cheese on bagel egg sandwiches and i'm kind of into it??"
"rt user i really love texas roadhouse bread!"
"rt user i know you did not just call mozzarella sticks "cheese pulls" .
"rt user if u go to canes and eat the chicken with ketchup u are a disgrace .
"beer me, user @ brew (shreveport's beer festival) .
"rt user warehouse party tonight user x user 10pm-late free beer til 11pm 18+ supa tite djs "
"can any sd clones confirm my research that they do in fact sell beer for sdsu games at qualcomm/sdccu stadium? jungledrinkingteam"
"vegan tasso &amp; smoked sausage red beans &amp; rice, green bean casserole &amp; french bread from bayouvegancafe! . vegannola"
"like 6 months ago a coworker made me chicken and waffles with bacon jam and i haven't been able to stop thinking about it"
"jordan iv oreo cookies and cream size 12 nike lebron .
"who serves the best pizza in lafayette parish? tag their page in the comments, and tell me why them."
"user i burned the roof of my mouth eating your pizza, how can we best move forward?"
"what's wrong with beer? .
"all bread winners"
"only texans put ketchup on their corn dogs"
". user user does anyone know if they serve beer at fius stadium? group ticket sales may depend on it."
"user we got allll the cheese you need. cheesiest restaurant ever lol"
"next nigga that press me, like a soda, ima pop!"
"fortune cookies n plat"
"only one game in, and ive come to the conclusion that im a better bowler when ive had beer "
"rt user dawg i want some pizza so bad"
"rt user marry a man that puts his pizza rolls in the oven instead of the microwave. he knows good things take a little more time"
"user this is the time to go find tailgaters and hydrate with their fluids! beer "
"rt user be smarter than me all you want, just do it over there, im eating cookies."
"user alright ima order it you want pizza hut ? dm me"
"happy nationaldessertday! please bring macarons, ice cream, and gelato to my bed 'cause i'm never leaving it. no c .
"user 4real i love pizza and she fine af"
"i just saw an older white man get caught stealing cheese from whole foods.. the race war has begun.. .
"at a chicago pizza place like: .
"kinda wanna order me pizza but idk which place is better"
"rt user my mask and pancake store t-shirt is out now! buy here: . \(^_^)/ .
"user user my guy finally sees the light... glad u put down that rice and ketchup"
"bread and doritos is quite the mixture "
"$7 gameday beers. every time a team you choose scores you get a free beer or $1 refills. i think fucking yes."
"rt user damn cakes doesnt play games .
"user i thought this said cookies"
"rt user i love fall. ive worn my hoodies and boots. psl. apple picking. apple cigar. donuts. leaves im so in love with jehova"
"mashed yuca with cheese "
"rt user weekend skills! winenot rt 4 ur wine &amp; cheese loving friends! onceuponawine user user "
"im on my 6th beer &amp; the party hasnt even started "
"i'm hurt i just burnt cookies "
"watermelon beer rita .
"i ordered hot cookies and a root beer float to be delivered to my seat this theatre rocks."
"anyone who drizzles ketchup over their fries can't be trusted."
"user i totally could! (be jelly, bishes). it's a football and pizza night!"
"our kids run on a blog favorite, user and we're so excited to have them as a swag sponsor at donuts with santa! nombfamilyfun"
"is there a vegan mac and cheese? i was joking lol .
"rt user thespideronmywall just brought me a beer. good spider."
"this a mf lie fried chicken do .
"user i'm brining cookies downtown tn"
"i'm going on a hunt for those holiday cookies today."
"i'll bet you a year's supply of donuts that i'm gonna win. .
"user user sttttttttttfuuuuuuuuu pfffffft waffle grill cheese me pls lmfao"
"in this house we use beer as a chaser and a mixer dont disrespect .
"rt user husband: you look like you could use a beer. me: .
"squeeze and cheese! (35f) adorable sexyaf nsfw .
""it would be terrible if the wine got here before the beer" - my roommate waiting on her postmated alcohol"
"your footballsaturdays are calling for this bacon-filled corn-bacon-crab chowder. . .
"user i'll go dump out all your drinks so you can see the beer."
"$4 can soda "
"rt user pumpkin beer cooler .
"fuck a date, i was tryna beat them cakes. .
"user nothings better then christmas, you ignorant cheese molester"
"user user they serve beer in like europe"
"user user user bread pudding in the oven .
"staying in today@ college football and beer. perfect"
"rt user me- damn, could anyone be more awful than these hollywood execs? donna karan- hold my beer... .
"i really want a hot dog or hot sausage with nachos"
"rt user actually right now is cheddar cheese .
"rt user reeses peanut butter cups, cookies and vanilla ice cream. get ready to win nationaldessertday. "
"why the fuck is there cookies &amp; cream flavored oreos like what???"
"rt user for nationaldessertday, i'm celebrating non-sweet foods like this fried chicken cake with mashed potatos &amp; gravy ' "
"they got bread .
"seasonal sweets! pumpkin spiced chocolate chip cookies . stupiddope .
"rt user you see da trophies thot, you rocking wit da bread winner .
"this dude really just asked me for a crustless pizza. nigga, you want lasagna????"
"i couldn't think of a grate cheese pun, so i thought a mature one would brie better."
"user chicken rice cheese n sour cream burrito"
"frogtown tonight 7:00p do / 7:30p sho free beer / get cute @ the left bank .
"nap was legit mamas fried chicken sure can put a nigga to sleep "
"user dead by madison beer"
"soooooo this happened!!! @ district donuts sliders brew .
"lg 2 top'ing pizza $8 these days. we've been getting screwed for years. justsaying"
"rt user win 1 sausage dog re-uz carrier. f +rt to enter, winner picked on 25 oct doglovers dachshund dachshunds. "
"love craft beer? a week from today, user celebrates 4 years in biz with a huge party, 30+ beers on tap: .
"i am very sad someone please buy me a pizza"
"user take a bath in apple vinegar, lemon juice and baking soda. then when you get out use aloe vera gel and vi .
"rt user laundry pizza @ gangnam today with user user .
"rt user 20 rts and i'll bring a cardboard cutout of legolas to soda"
"hop rising by squatters craft beers found at the bayou beer garden. about. damn. time."
"jucifer by gnarly barley brewing found at the bayou beer garden. drink it up."
"i entered to win a walton's sausage stuffer kit from waltonsinc! giveaway free enter the giveaway here: .
"help me win a 33 lb sausage stuffer kit from waltonsinc worth $600+! enter using my link to help me win! .
"rt user its here! its left field &amp; unapologetic about it. it kicks back, sits back &amp; never backs down. thisisradler beer "
"i didn't see any beer stands. .
"a campechano cocktail at one of our favorite carretas in ensenada during todays seafood +craft beer daycation | .
"user you cant really compare the 2 codes, its chalk and cheese. both are proper racing"
"only terrorist gets ketchup at canes"
"cookies &amp; cream gelato at pizza artista. madefreshdaily .
"rt user missing you and our share for the love of pizza!!! rest easy daddy 2years .
"we got a 59 caucasian boy who looks like he just left chuckee cheese that plays taller than our 65 wr named cager"
"rt user go user user and user superintendent johnson bet langer's 19s and deep dish pizza in the "
"hallelujah it's raining sprinkles! what better way to celebrate nationaldessertday then a sunny sky full of cookie .
"blast your chicken breast with mayo x shredded parmesan cheese mix... top with bread crumbs and tell me that shit don't come out "
"woman shares what energy drinks did to her husband while she was 9 months pregnant .
"gameday meal!! chicken, sausage and pork pastalaya!! pastalaya .
"aspire to be as passionate about anything as user is about chicken tenders"
"user at user to test your theory of it being the best pizza place ever &amp; you're right. "
"user start preparing for mr. lesters! that bread and steak is calling us!!!"
"rt user user va va voom smokin like 93 gas.! luv ya ;-) x" out 4 a couple of pint's some kind of bliss beer garden @ trav"
"rt user in france, a "bakery" is required by law to make all of the bread it sells from scratch in order to have the right to"
"rt user are men's hands broken or are they just too stupid to figure out how to put stuff between bread? .
"rt user user me when i thought u were stan worthy then u eat mac n cheese w ketchup"
"its saturday night and we are so ready for a party . any silver coin well get you an ice cold beer 7-10. doors open user see you all soon."
"my favorite part of weddings is the bread/"
"rt user this pizza looks better than i do. .
"user cheese on the whisker biscuit...."
"user user ooc only thing that delivers here is pizza and i can't have that :("
"single-serve healthy pumpkin mug cake with chocolate pumpkin frosting this single-serve healthy pumpkin mug cake .
"no ketchup just sauce, raw sauce"
"rt cheese, wine, fireballs and vertical videos . . cheese, wine, fireballs and vertical vide"
"rt user i ran out of hot bread. pancakes are next in line"
"user but.... fine, fine. i concede. though they have the best ketchup ever."
"you can never go wrong with pizza! .
"user that bread is so good... make sandwiches with those jawns .
"people still queue for that bread? .
"we now have a cheese board! stroubes idigbr gobr 225dine .
"rt user weed infused oreo brownie with cookies and cream topping .
"user will you be attending the holigh holy day known as beer cheese feeeeeest?"
""i wish the lollipop tasted like bacon" - lilli "
"rt user come see me tonight user user sotb $1 off tequila and mexican beer"
"send garlic bread memes"
"i need some fried fish."
"fuck them bitches get ya bread son "
"every single website i'm on has a masseduction ad queen of cookies snapped"
"user must have been at the beer stand.."
"rt user we could legit bake cookies and watch some movies at home and i'd be the happiest girl everrrrrrrrr .
"user that if you throw bread crumbs, you get pigeons."
"rt user joe alleva: im an embarrassment when it comes to handling coaches usmnt: hold my beer and watch this"
"haven't baked oatmeal cookies in a min..."
"rt user finally got my pumpkin beer"
"my nephew just put ketchup up allll in my hair."
"user diabetes/obesity is a bigger issue than any of the issues caused by alcohol. giving a child soda is .
"rt user fuck them bitches get ya bread son "
"tostada heaven at user on todays ensenada seafood + craft beer daycation | clubtengohambre baja .
"when french fries are fried, they produce a toxic, possible cancer-causing chemical. it's best to stay far away from them."
"as brew (shreveport's beer festival) starts to wind down, aren't you happy lyft is live now in shreveport! .
"rt user beer will never stab you in the back"
"user user user want some cheese with your whine?"
"user i voted pizza even tho it's the wrong answer because it's my favourite"
"girl this the new location, i only see mary by pizza hut the only old one left! .
"rt user knowledge is power. - sir francis bacon"
"rt user eat that pizza! eat that pizza! user onebite . .
"user gumbo...chicken and sausage gumbo!"
"my brother gets his friends parents to order pizza and deliver it to our house. finessin motherfucker "
"user for that im going to make you a big ass thing of mac &amp; cheese and hand deliver it to you. dont hate on mac. u wack. "
"user means doughnuts &amp; bacon? . perfectdoughnut user foodbloggers .
"omg. you guys. what did we do to deserve pizza? like, seriously. it's just so awesome."
"rt user its nationaldessertday ! cakes, cookies, donuts, pies, ice cream, and more are waiting to be devoured .
"user water is just boneless soda"
"shit id hug your mama and drink a beer with yo pops at my family reunion. .
"i rewatched the pastry week gbbo to get my parents up to speed &amp; my heart is still breaking from julia leaving. stacey's bakes are trash."
"i absolutely got bacon on my veggie patty sandwich"
"user tequila anejo, lemon lime zevia soda, 1 qtr cut lime, rasp and blackberries for garnish add ice, refreshing evening drink"
"its so sad that yall eat real meat and real cheese lmao"
"about to play a prank on tatsu involving pizza. wonder how it'll go."
"rt user beer pong @ my house tonight , come thruuu"
"pizza time"
"i cant nor do i want to drink beer but....brats....."
"i still have never bought/drank beer on my own in my entire life lol"
"rt user that's my secret, rocky. it's always pizza time. .
"this crack head just told me the ancient egyptians are coming back in 2030. he also told me he was bald from eating fried chicken."
"rt user if you want a president or pm who "you can have a beer with" you have fundamentally misunderstood the purpose of democracy."
"connor culp you got a beer on me lsu geauxtigers"
"jewish bread is a thing and its delicious wow "
"keuchel the goat! verlander: hold my beer."
"not saying i had a grilled cheese sandwich with dinner but - buttery fingers and bread crumbs."
"i'm in the lambo makin donuts like i work for krispy kreme"
"i drank 10 beer out of my 15 beer back. please support me as i attempt to finish."
"user reasonably corrupt is the name of the beer...seems appropriate."
"i just want some chargrilled oysters with hot sauce and french bread"
"fried chicken jumbalaya and some type of vegetable idk yet"
"got my king hawaiian sliced bread"
"rt user "do not reward yourself with food: you are not a dog." from beer to maternity by julie hodgson . ou"
"rt user this is a good soda. .
"i will always tweet about my son...mso delete me now if you don't like it. he's should be here drinking a beer with me! god i'm mad!"
"user isn't cookies and cream just a normal oreo?"
"whatever. i'm gonna order a pizza and watch voltron and work on some things i guess"
"what could be better on a fall evening in boston than a perfect wine &amp; cheese pairing? via user .
"authentic west german lidded beer stein / behut dich . via user
"user i'm a college student on a college budget. here's a chicken cutlet i put some swiss cheese on. it tas .
"rt user user all that bread but you eating crumbs"
"grain-free, nut-free and oil-free banana bread! . .
"user you would enjoy the right said fred documentary sausage jockey "
"when the user app tells you we hope youre enjoying your pizza and it hasnt even arrived yet. "
"gave pops some bread to get this bbq popping im bouta grub out "
"the most important thing is that a cake should be moist. most people overcook cakes, which dries them out."
"user what do these use for cheese curds?"
"rt user *calls up pizza place* why would you cut my pizza so uneven? if you're trying to tear my family apart it's working"
"user phelps_mark battle cry @ sons of liberty beer &amp; spirits co. .
"user dunkin donuts trance music"
"lunch: beer and peanut butter cookie waiting for girl to finish xc. dinner: margarita, chips, guac waiting for girl to finish water polo."
"rt user it's 5pm - that means user is here! you can find her in our parking lot and she's serving up grilled cheese ta"
"'breaking bad' fans have been throwing so much pizza on walter white's house the owner is putting up a fence .
"when your daughter is playing and singing "i wish you were beer. i wish i was drinkin' ... oops maybe i should skip that song next time"
"mr robot s03 e01 is like drinking beer which is 37 c cold. bobby cannavale steals the show though."
"must've been the pizza"
"i've had 1/3 of a beer and told stephen i was gonna tweet back on someone and he grabbed my phone and said "you've .
"my 15yr old cousin just called me a puss bag bc i physically can't eat another slice of pizza without exploding lol"
"user i hate beer pong and love this"
"user user he absolutely said it. i almost choked on my beer. but he ended up being right"
"rt user user loved your tutorial on how to cut hot bread. but i didn't need it. i'll just get you to cut that "
"user pizza is the recommendation here? not a late night six pack or a handle of your favorite spirit?"
""deaths of dozens of canada geese linked to moldy bread or grain" by vivian wang via nyt the new york times .
"rt user we got booth on sale starting at $60! that include a slice a pizza, a bottle, and some now and laters! myasu 2000's"
"party city employee hit by suv while walking to dunkin' donuts . .
"your saturday happyhour is here! specials: $1 oysters, $5 beer, $6 sangria &amp; $7 wine. 4:30-6:30 - sfhappyhour .
"rt user (317): when the 2 guys we were playing beer pong against realized that i'd hooked up with both of them, their teamwork declined a"
"user missed the episode today due to work, but tonight i managed to ketchup."
"reflections on glass, and beer. reflection beer craftbeer flame fire bitters whatvegansdrink .
"rt user cake or cookies? nationaldessertday"
"thx 2 our friends user &amp; user 4 the riesling &amp; cheese combo. perfectpairing .
"rt user you're pretty. i never sausage beauty before oktoberfestpickuplines"
"user oh hell yes. i still call it parlor lmao. kitchen, parlor, den haha. and i still tonic not soda."
"some times i can't believe how much of a vegan i've become. my job got 30 boxes of pizza today and i couldn't of been more grossed out.. smh"
"i use to fight over pizza lol now i really just don't care"
"and then user made supper with bacon and all is good in the world again."
"user user damn nate it looks more like a slice of digiorno pizza fell onto your head &amp; burned a .
"rt user bacon all the bacon .
"rt user if you're ever feeling down, wrap yourself in bacon... ...you'll feel better! humor lookup keepmoving foodforthought"
"carry me to pizza."
"user user user user add nutella and it's heaven on bread!"
"i guess i'm young cheese(y)? .
"rt user i just made the best ghetto garlic bread ever lol"
"rt user party city employee hit by suv while walking to dunkin' donuts . .
"come by tomorrow for chicken + cheese sunday! well be walking samples on the user line while .
"i went vegan for a while but i need my mac &amp; cheese don't judge .
"picadera tropical master pizza 394 broadway lawrence delivery (978)208-7440 .
"free pizza"
"rt user our oyster saison, a collaboration with user will be tapped october 18! there will be beer, oysters, &amp; "
"rt user soda delivery formats, ranked: 1) fountain 2) glass bottle 3) can 1,000,000) plastic bottle"
"rt user you know youre old when you poop on your own balls every time you eat cheese..."
"how hard is it for a man to get some beer "
"has anyone been to dominic's on folsom blvd? apparently they have actual good ny-style pizza"
"homemade chicken pot pie for dinner :p"
"pedal 2 pints. 33 miles of rolling hills, foliage, and a few sips of local beer! user .
"user user user user need brown bread with them too !! ( molasses bread)"
"i never thought i would like sour ales but here i am, sour beer guy"
"icymi&gt; acos: best thing since sliced bread, or swiss cheese? . healthcare hcldr .
"user you dont understand the extent to which i want to be in genny right now getting a beer with you both bahaha"
""ive grown to love the time it takes bread to toast." desire .
"rt user lmao just do another version of how to cut hot bread but with quacksons user .
"full cards w/ outcomes that have been sent out since thursday. numbers do not lie, virgins do that. nfl bread an bu .
"user ive been binging theboldtype and eating pizza. life is good."
"beer is good"
"first &amp; last time i use user &amp; last time i'll ever order from pizza etc in haverhill ma! wrong order/i'm blamed for it &amp; hung up on!"
"beer me!!! - drinking a captain's daughter by user - . photo"
"i'm sitting in my old backyard drinking beer on a nice night. it's not the same, but it's better then public drinking right now."
"rt user when your beer pong partner can't make a single cup .
"creamy, light macaroni and cheese via user .
"user user user user cheers photo op and beer only! durgin park if want coffee jello. legal got out of hand!"
"this ingredient has half the calories of bacon but all the flavor via user .
"user check out lazzaris pizza on o st after the game. unlike my huskers it wont disappoint"
"guinness celebrates 200 years of beer in the usa . via user
"my drive thru dude was savage. warning this is not a funny video. this is me ordering dunkin' donuts and meeting a .
"this dressing makes literally everything taste like pizza via user .
"user nothing gets me excited like the phrase, bread for the table"
"i'm not saying i don't enjoy days that i'm not eating chocolatecake. but i do particularly like those days when i am eating chocolate cake"
"user user user who says oktoberfest beer isn't"
"user i used a few cookies to get it mostly through level 4, but the last few i need from the stage are taking forever....."
"string cheese incident - 2001-10-26 - mullins center - . nowplaying user
" fetus-cakes: theres only two genders .
"i'm tryna bake cookies and watch the xfiles any1 down just feel free to pull up thanks"
"i can cook but i choose to make mac and cheese every night instead"
"your mcm's liver be doing the tootse roll cause he wanted to drink beer instead of water"
"the buzzer buzzes and in comes pizza. thank the "lord""
"user user i wanted vodka and soda! this is tonic! waaaaahhhh!!!!"
"rt user do u need a pic of a rat eating a heart-shaped miniature pancake? of course you do .
"beer lines suck."
"i ate more carbs than any human should be allowed tonight. stuffed pasta topped with cheese soaked in cheese sauce. .
"one beer means 8 beers livepd"
"user where did you find vegan pizza?"
"rt user funnel cake bacon queso burger and fletcher's corn dogs. user knows exactly how to do ou-texas. boomer .
"user would you like some pasta with your cheese? "
"what the fuck is a root beer float?"
"rt user ghost pizza bagels via delish. ghastlygastronomy .
"user drink all the water you can. it so helps. if you stall out on weight loss. eats a day of eggs, butter and cheese. works every time"
"andy bought me a hot chocolate from dunkin donuts and it was so small that i actually started crying. thugcardrevoked again"
"nhlbruins game starts in 30. need a suggestion for my beer or bourbon for the game. what say you?"
"hey user , you owe me a new shirt! ha ha bierstick beer fail test nfl party beerbong .
"user thats a fantastic pix. would be a great beer label pix. so many names could be used"
"rt user user user wow you just turned logan into sizzling canadian bacon. shots fired. can someone also exp"
"rt user when that kid who couldn't help with gas money walks into class with dunkin donuts .
"we are pouring a lot of beer at new bedford oktoberfest on state pier. come on down, then stop over for a late snack with us!"
"user ooh, i'll take a "scotch and" soda loophole! ;)"
"the joy of stella g when she realizes that no kitties nor pizz... (kitty kitty pizza party) . photo"
"no soda everyday it's time to quit for good as myself some reasons in my liver health problems for years. since 10/ .
"rt user stephanie hicks was arrested after tossing hot nacho cheese at a 7-eleven clerk . .
"rt user just witnessed a cubs fan berate his wife in front of his young sons in this beer line. dodgers in 5."
"were pouring lots of beer at newbedford oktoberfest. join us on state pier, then stop by for dinner/dessert. .
"the substance from user is a consistently stellar beer, worthy of all of the accolades it receives. .
"me: if i stopped spending money on food, id be rich. also me: *gets 2 orders of cheesy bread with extra marinara delivered*"
"rt user "the jets are the most dysfunctional team in new york" nygiants "hold my beer" .
"rt user my face when i fry bacon in the morning for user and the pan's too hot flapanthers nhl bacon .
"user also, any beer with chemical structures is an automatic win for a chemistry nerd like me."
"rt user the truth has never been said better. wwe wwe2k18 myplayer bacon # .
"rt user hike a mountain and celebrate your god. ullr be praised! ullr snow snowboarding bacon cypressmountain vanco "
"do you wants some pizza ?!? pizza .
"great burgers user with the fam tonight. good beer too - love seeing user ipa more often around e mass"
"rt user if the flyers score 4 goals tonight i will buy one beer for you if you rt this"
"shit ima start baking cakes and selling them for 160 a pop, tf .
"because, baked pasta. homecooking nom leftovers cheese @ 44b home sweet home .
"saturday night: hanging on the couch w/ my cat, drinking a beer &amp; playing family feud"
"my godson loves the pizza italiano!!! user .
"rt user humans: we release a lot of co2 earth: here hold my beer. .
"i just wanna eat pizza and cuddle"
"rt user how do you eat your pizza? rt for left fav for right .
"rt user if im cute and pizza is cute im a pizza cutie"
"body by pizza and strawberry frosted donuts .
"eat breakfast pizza, for breakfast, lunch or dinner. .
"but then he took me to wendys and got my a jr. bacon cheeseburger and fries!! im all better now!"
"user that looks so freaking good, and i know how much you like bread!"
"user those were my god damm cheese balls"
"why i relate 2 pigeons: dumb city boye wants to eat ur bread doesn't rly wanna b around ppl goofy and doesn't know what he's doing"
"norefills1star what is it with restaurants that charge you for a soda refill?"
"user not your beer i am assuming?"
"bartender just knocked over a beer.... right into my jacket sleeve"
"user young chicken bacon ciabatta"
"monthly post-dsa meeting had one beer selfie hi .
"user user user boiiii are you dipping your pizza in ranch sauce???"
"the elevator in my building smells like wendys cheese fries"
"rt user never met a cheese i didn't like"
"rt user diet sodas aspartame now associated with cardiovascular issues in addition to brain tumors.. asp"
"user that's not shameful! it's smart to have everything set up before pizza. "
"rt user good night and good luck. oitnf @ varsity pizza .
"rt user my name is connor &amp; my favorite thing about being alive is eating mac and cheese. - the little boy at thefamily space at th"
"i love making cookies "
"holy shit, i just bought veggie bacon strips"
"always a refreshing fall beer. especially since this place never has a... (pumpkinhead ale) . photo"
"just ate weed cookies, next ..haunted houses!"
"another unreal beer by trillium. wish it was closer. - drinking a vicinity by user - .
"i found my secret talent @ panorama, holding a beer can between my tits"
"it is not really commiserating if you don't have beer."
"we're getting hungry for the 5th annual user fest! sample the best cheese made in massachusetts on 11/4 .
"user lmfao... no chocolate cake??!! nobody wants to "win" that"
"at a bemani party cracked out on energy drinks and researching the viability of indoor soccer shoes for ddr"
"rt user ketchup, mustard, and the darkness of a thousand emo souls .
"rt user do you want to brew your own beer and help rosies place? donate for the chance to win an experience from user "
"+see photos of reverend fathers drinking bottles of beer with catholic sisters (photos) .
"user 03:06 ich will pizza :("
"user any plans to make a beer called breakfast? maybe a session ipa, a belgian-inspired table beer, or an oatmeal stout?"
"i need vegan cider donuts"
"best cookies ever .
""my body is not made for exercise, it's made to eat cookies.." this quote definitely fits my attitude today user cakeboss"
"think i hit the beer lottery today, 3 epic brews in a row! and this baby... (outermost ipa) . photo"
"why the fuck do little kids prank call pizza hut alllllll day"
"rt user picadera tropical master pizza 394 broadway lawrence delivery (978)208-7440 .
"my latest beer review user thanks in part to user and user . .
"rt user user because wocaffirmation is mocking a black woman who couldn't be bought off with donuts in your hellsite handle."
"fuck heartbreak and social anxiety. im at a hockey game with 15k people and i just spend $90 on beer for my best friends."
"user definitely better than the quick bread i baked last week, which was neither quick, nor bread"
"user user user user charlestown ma has the oldest commissioned warship in the us navy. and a wfm with a cheese room."
"are you itching to try 'cheese tea'? .
"user user dude i hope your pizza was so good. we got chinese food too because we're trash"
"rt user awesome kitchen gadget - star trek enterprise pizza cutter: . -amazonafflink .
"these pizza rolls gonna burn my tongue off!! snhu alumniweekend phipsi lastchapterpub"
"twitter is weird and i don't know what to do with it beer"
"i stuffed cheese in a boys mattress back in nyc and now i'll never know what happens when he finds it :("
"the beach pizza place in haverhill is low key better than tripolis"
"2) ketchup is a mistake."
"schaller's sneaky backhand bid only excitement so far. my beer tastes awesome though."
"boxing and pizza"
"your opponent: ambas manos. your words: beginning, cheese, concurrent. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, go! .
"rt user it speaks volumes about where the country is right now that corona is the only beer company whose ads are even faintly/am"
"user you know what else i don't get? fried chicken steak. so gross."
"watching family guy while justin makes me mac n cheese "
"grilled cheese lmao still got ate tho .
"user chocolate salmon caviar beer"
"good hangs at user @ burial beer co. .
"rt user join user at user for a little grown-up trick-or-treating fun! pair your fav beer with a specially "
"shout out to user for providing us with a nice dessert beer, i mean this skyspace, dry hopped sour ale with .
"ricotta cheese + pepper + salt + basil on spaghetti is surprisingly good"
"rt user just noticed that autocorrect has been changing "cheers" to "cheese" on a bunch of my business emails"
"i walked in the liquor store today and left with beer. i pussied out."
"rt user grilled cheese lmao still got ate tho .
"so just found out that my birthday is national fried chicken day- and that's great except i'm vegetarian "
"rt user when you discover left over bacon from yesterday's breakfast bacon (.. and you realise 'bacon dance' is a gif op "
"rt user my wife ate a waffle chicken and bacon sandwich for dinner and drank a pumpkin beer with it. that's why we are c "
"rt user sundaymorning bacon go to church you sinful bastards .
"user user read this quick (and very wrong) and thought 'dunkin donuts should have a say in who .
"user dude i'd pick honest mustard over blue cheese honestly,anything besides gross moldy cheese"
"working on some beer buying unit tests .
"war videos and beer"
"very good for a peanut butter beer, doesnt taste too artificial... (gunner's daughter) .
"user lmfao yo theyre asking for too much, no bacon? no chicken? naaaaaaaaah"
"ghostadventures - have you guys ever considered leaving trails of bread crumbs so you can find your way back out?? "
"user pizza with white sauce needs to happen somehow."
"user trump is too busy jetting around to trump properties, golfing, and eating chocolate cake"
"rt user some final design changes to my pizza bat oc! .
"im all set, i'm gone focus on my bread "
"haven't had fast food in so long but i'm craving mcdonald's french fries sos"
"user burn the place to the ground. make a pizza over the coals"
"user user user scored extra cheese cake?!?!!"
"whiskey to beer or whiskey to tequila? "
"rt user isnt it crazy when the pizza guy gets to your house before the police does"
"if user doesnt try elmton pizza in struthers then the youngstown trip is an absolute sham. most unique .
"user never heard that one before. have had numerous discussions of "soda" vs "pop" vs "coke" to denote .
"rt user 0 stars domino's is crazy because if you close your eyes and eat the pizza in the box you won't know which is which. h"
"extraordinary beer. - drinking a works of love: earl grey tea at user - .
"user wedgewood got exactly the score it deserved. very good pizza, not great, but love the family owned .
"cheese"
"i'll pick you up in the morning with spooky donuts and coffee."
"11) battered french fries are generally wrong. seasoned battered french fries doubly so."
"halloween2017 need to advertise bitcoin,history about pizza, it's cool, and about souvlaki ordered on the iss!! .
"is there anyone worse than the beer snobs bragging about their accomplishments? yup, you drove to tree house. you got dinner tix. yay"
"rt user i want insomnia cookies :("
"rt user why were victorians putting corpse dolls in birthday cakes? . .
"are you still eating bacon? genevieve is going to be angry!! user
"i think i'm gonna go downstairs and steal an entire pizza from my family"
"entertain w the ideal dessert dancingdeer cookies brownies that taste homemade and are preservativefree yum .
"rt user marry you a guy who gets up and makes you breakfast in bed; bacon, egg, and vanilla cinnamon french toast. i love user
"user i'm not sure... does zero degrees of separation mean you are kevin bacon?"
"those awkward moments when you go to take a sip of a soda and completely miss your mouth and spill it all over... .
"pretty sweet, relatively smooth. nice stuff. - drinking a crescendo by user @ rp's beer bar . photo"
"rt user our daily bread 15 october 2017 devotional creation care: topic: creation care sunday .
"for 6 years ive been wanting to make these little apple pie cookies from user and i finally had the rig .
"rt user weird how macho sports dudes want girls who drink beer and burp and like football and wear jerseys but are terrified of appea"
"user u mean nasty like oatmeal cookies"
"user okay bring me one too pls w cheese"
"rt user an account dedicated to celebrating the history of women creating beer. this is why i love twitter. where else is s "
""excuse, user ? i believe i ordered the "large" beer?" .
"she loves her pizza don't touch!!! .
"rt user i mean i fucking love pizza but if pizza violently killed 30,000 people a year i'd be like okay maybe none of us should"
"missed second goal while getting a beer. so basically i'm going to go get beer every 5 mins or so from here on out. nhlbruins"
"3-1! chara! beer me! nhlbruins"
"rt user think user &amp; think pink! plus see how to win free pizza for a year &amp; all things lovehopepizza here ==&gt; "
"user i would push one of my children down a flight of stairs for an undercooked slice and an off brand can of diet soda."
"rt user u ever at panera and ur eating an end piece of bread w both hands &amp; u suddenly feel like a small orphan child in victoria"
"rt user i will always tweet about my son...mso delete me now if you don't like it. he's should be here drinking a beer with me"
"there's something about ordering your bff's beer when it's ot in the woo ... (orans) . photo"
"user lucky's in florida: draft beer or wine while u shop, awesome hot bar, board games to sit &amp; play. tj's on crack"
"bacon and eggs...a day's work for the chicken; a lifetime commitment for the pig. thinkaboutit"
"whiskey, beer, bourbon or quite possibly medical tumbledbytime whiskey beer medicinal spirits .
"rt user get a loyal girl, stay down, stack ya bread up, take vacations, eat good, fuck good..travel &amp; live happily ever after."
"never ceases to amaze how new englanders think pizza should be burnt. can see some char but jeez people like their pies straight-out black"
"the boathouse has the best bread ive eaten on disney property dont @ me"
"just when the hunger strikes again... i remember my mother in law ordered pizza. "
"ihatetoadmititbut i don't like bacon."
"rt user christmas coasters, sausage dog gift - folksy . newonfolksy dachshund craftbuzz folksy365"
"user but your the one who will be buying all those hash browns for me "
"100% of the energy drinks ive consumed this semester have not been for schoolwork but so that i stay awake during a movie"
"sausage and chicken in new york's tines square. .
"user young beer... fitting"
"and you can't have cans of beer on campus, you have to put it in a cup"
"user one day one day i knwo ur gonna be able to im gonna get the good stuff with chives and bacon and sour cream too"
"user what kind of pizza was it?"
"i saw a tweet somewhere that the dunkin donuts in the coyotes arena ran out of coffee..... that is blasphemy nhlbruins bruins"
"rt user great event put on by the fire department this morning! pancake breakfast and road race a big success. love that s "
"rt user late morning breakfast with dave at the lyndhurst diner. breakfast bacon eggs saturdaymotivation foodie "
"rt user bacon and beer tasting at work! we had metropolitan copper lager and honestly i prefer ipa .
"user dick cheese"
"user i put cream cheese on it. for 20 seconds i felt truly a l i v e"
"time to add a stunning and delicious app to your cheese board! try rosemary berry baked brie: .
"yall wanna know what it is?????? its a pizza but it aint got no pizza sauce it got mashed potatoes with cheddar cheese and bacon"
"user the actor playing him is jaw-dropping. i had to pause and walk around after their conversation over pizza."
"updated british beer company plymouth w/ user user .
"rt user for halloween should i be girl in sweats ordering chinese food or girl in pajamas ordering pizza"
"rt user ill give you the whole pizza for your love and affection. "
"rt user [security patting down mouse] "any cheese on your person, sir?" [waves another mouse over them like a metal detector wand] ""
"user user user then it would be you and 2 rats, careful trump will steal the cheese"
"honestly, i love goat cheese more than i love most people."
"pizza and wine"
"is 11 too late to order a pizza bc i havent gone to bed yet and i want some sauce"
"pic: filtered beer: not haze user .
"tomorrow = super cluckin' sunday! fried chicken+hand pies galore! click here for details . .
"still getting hella cheese!!!"
"u guys tryna come to my sweet 16? well be eating pizza on the floor with drinks maybe"
"user white bread bland"
"i have no desire to make cheese on my own, but here i am, bingeestching a man make cheese on youtube. life."
"rt user enter here for your chance to win 1 of 5 weekly $100 gift cards from frigo cheese. no purchase necessary. see rules https:/"
"rt user i have pizza and wine and i feel pretty good .
"rt user keenes the best because people would rather spend their last dollar in quarters on a vodka soda than a box of spaghetti"
"forgot this was the only one i didn't like and ends maine beer ad... (pine tree agronomics) . photo"
"rt user if there are breadsticks does that mean there are bread trees? bread forests?"
"my pizza delivery person is named wander. i wonder if they're delivering by horse. shadowofthecolossus meets .
"rt user sleeping under a giant piece of bacon will definitely make you fat. .
"it's all well and good from your precious perch to...wait. did you say bacon? .
"master pizza tropical 394 broadway lawrence (978)208-7440 friday open till 3am saturday open .
"everyone has a favouritecake, pastry, pudding or pie from when they were kids."
"also i gave vegan chili dogs, fries and beer"
"chocolate lava cake sounds delicious"
"user catch rule: dumbest most confusing rule in sports. user obstruction rule: hold my beer. nlcs"
"rt user "hello welcome to dunkin' donuts, i'm your hostess byeongkwan, we ran out of menus but you can look at my suit inst "
"dont wanna bloody spill your beer chugalug .
"dust off that slow cooker! cook up this bacon, ham, split pea soup: . recipe foodie food .
"i love beer burps like it just feels so good"
"got ricky weed cookies for his birthday &amp; then we did a haunted corn maze. now were going to wendys, taco bell, bk, &amp; mcdonalds. "
"i just want a mcflurry &amp; some french fries"
"i have so much homework i need to get done but yet i am chilling drinking n eating pizza "
"rt user i just want a mcflurry &amp; some french fries"
"drinkin a brew..just remembered i had my first beer when i was 7 for gettin a good report card i hated beer after that"
"user i'm stoked. i need to call my nephew and get my cookies ordered !!!!"
"user user beer on whiskey, very risky whiskey on beer, never fear. galileo"
"nobody shops at whole foods 8 dollar cookies like wtf hell no"
"someone just tried to feed me pizza with bacon hidden under the cheese and i'm so fucking disgusted"
"rt user why does this raw "pizza" taste just like reg pizza?! i'm in love .
"user holy sheet cakes"
"rt user here is a much more better quality photo of the vegan mac and cheese .
"user i favorited this very excitedly thinking pizza with carli yay but then reality struck."
"rt user brunch : air fried bacon egg cups served on a bed of salad greens baconeggcups bacon eggs .
"user wooooooooo where the pizza at!!! "
"rt user bacon! loving the amish markets here in pennsylvania traveltribe bacon travelfoodie .
"rt user gallery killinlgy beats bacon academy 35-0 in football . user user "
"my stomach says we worship french fries .
"sports is better with a heel. anyone who disagrees with that is probably boring and drinks cheap beer."
"momma gonna be mad, i think i can eat all the cookies she bought yesterday."
"everybody getting high and eating cheese .
"rt user hollywoods favorite industry hoe, forever getting tossed around. drake a hot potato hoe! .
"currently on my bedside table: fake nails, salonpas, beer, charlie card, easter egg filled with embroidery thread, tennis ball, scissors"
"this was the best slice of pizza ive ever had"
"my favorite thing about going to parties is dropping my empty beer cans everywhere since everybody did that to my house last year"
"me waiting for my pizza rolls to heat up .
"me: i wish i had cheese curds rn"
"do you like root beer?"
"$5 to anyone who think they can beat me in shotgunning a beer"
"rt user "beer in her hand, shoulders open, hair down...its party time!" user
"user very seldom do i drink beer."
"me: gagging "why would you do that? you know i don't like bacon" person: laughing "you're comedy gold, everyone likes bacon, stop lying""
"i could be waiting in line for shorty pizza instead"
"so we made it for an hour up front but feet/back were screaming to sit. after sitting/advil/beer went to back of floor until beg of encore."
"rt user we came, we cheered, we ate donuts! thanks everyone who came to the fun run today! user .
"rt user a friend: your macaroni n cheese is a little- me: did you just call me a bitch? i think i heard you call me a bitch."
"user thats just airport beer."
"user now i want pizza"
"user soda taxes and the like are pretty unpopular among leftists too"
"user how is that bugs its fries and gravy and cheese aka the holy trinity"
"popular item of the day - onion rings"
"special 1: large 1-topping pizza, 12 wings and 2-liter pepsi for $19.99"
"rt user well i like bacon so that piggy getting ate .
"my brother made us leave a bar bc he wanted street meat and we couldn't find any so he bought a plate of sliced pepperoni from a pizza truck"
"rt user a smile. cheese .
"rt user $5 to anyone who think they can beat me in shotgunning a beer"
"did this man throw a cat at a pancake....? .
"pretty sure those are donuts right user ?? .
"baked pumpkin spice donuts recipe . via user
"pizza over privacy? a paradox of the digital age | stanford graduate school of business .
"rt user trump: you can't think of something more stupid than calling half of america 'deplorable'. nfl: hold my beer."
"rene you cant shotgun a beer at a bar user
"national grilled cheese day and french onion soup grilled cheese .
"rt user you dont know the struggle til you put shredded cheese on a sandwich"
"mcdonalds could eitger give you god-like french fries, or those shitfries that they re-drop/salt back in the fryer."
"if you don't think you can get drunk off of root beer alone you have not tried hard enough"
"alfred is 0-4 in beer pong. he had no idea how to come back. lmao! .
"let me go buy some pizza rolls then start on this essay .
"user exactly what i said, ian. if you don't think you can get drunk off of root beer, you aren't working for it"
"user you got some cheese on your fingers"
"user i grew up deep in soda territory, but knew a few tonic outliers."
"im going to go to the pizza shop to tip him tomorrow!!!! im so ashamed. i promise im not a bad person!!"
"cheese in the trap this week is too short"
"rt user lucio pancake art! who would eat his face? user user dancakes pancakeart overwatch lucio https:/"
"rt user unpopular opinion but pizza hut is 100% better than dominos "
"rt user user drink beer and get ready for the game tomorrow! "
"rt user mgtow music - simpinsunday - . don't buy that love crap - what about bacon ;)"
"rt user i love lava cakes"
"user plz give me pizza"
"user user get me a beer will ya?!"
"user user user the amount of pizza we ate last year while wasted"
"user cheese tastes like ass nigga"
"rt user the wmuhomecoming hcob pancake breakfast and stampede tailgate have been canceled. we'll post other updates as the "
"rt user igotsocaughtup trying to please everybody, but unfortunately i'm not bacon"
"user what about me? my breakfast was diet mtn dew and string cheese :d"
"shoutout to tyla for babysitting me last night and ashley for bringing me to fratelliss for pizza! i woke up feeling great "
"rt user bacon &amp; cheese fries. .
"rt user i miss the funnel cakes at lunch they were the shit"
"rt user i need the best youngstown pizza joints for me to hit?"
"my have fed my wheatie a small amount of cider donut this morning .
"user user all those shots of pizza had no effect on you? lol"
"homemade cookies are in the oven. mmm"
"user wait your in detroit?? let's grab a beer!!! tuesgays"
"(video) the best oven fried chicken -- kfc copycat! .
"at qdoba: "no rice. double meat. lots of cheese and sour cream." ketolyfe"
"rt user beer babe yehh beeroclock .
"user hope you spent at least a few hours doing donuts in a random parking lot last night."
"dinner at user last night for the first time. great food, great beer! northernmichigan!"
"rt user i bake cakes. get at me."
"rt user after today i need a beer, four thirty packs and a fifth of whisky. and fuck it 19 mcdoubles"
"me: i think ive finally hit rock bottom so it can only go up from here life: lol hold my beer"
"time for beer!"
"new! chocolate pumpkin cake made in partnership with user ! sponsored adpic.twitter.com/7bqivdevhr .
"spatz bread is one of the perks of living in michigan."
"rt user when mom wants to see your hands because she knows you ate all the cheese puffs. .
"rt user begin the countdown! thirdthursmia: artoberfest is exactly one week away on 10/19! art beer "
"rt user i wanna carve some pumpkins and drink apple cider and make halloween cookies "
"user i'm remembering the one time i went to a miami @ pitt game and was surprised that i couldn't buy beer at heinz field."
"hey detroit! win a $25 buddy's pizza gift card, from user - 2 winners! . .
"what if i told you i was only 1/2 a beer deep when this happened. stillhaventkilledanythingwithliquid .
"rt user i want some macaroni and cheese "
"$25 buddy's pizza gift card - 2 winners! .
"rt user protip: its not beer before liquor or liquor before beer, its all the mixer in your liquor that makes you sicker."
"user bring back the peanut butter cup pancake breakfast pls"
"beer first, food second. here's where to find both in traverse city. (photo: user . .
"rt user ive been going on a no fast food, no dairy, no processed, no soda, and just an all around healthy diet to clear up my face"
"rt user i should order pizza, or chinese. i just want to vibe, sip, and write all day."
"user told you yesterday after the show. i've already got my chips and soda. i'm ready! hurry up!"
"it's different from the beer i'm use to and i like it. - drinking a humblebee @ greyline brewing company - . photo"
""where'd you get this generic bacon? is this the pig's name?" shitmysistersays"
"rt user blog | a night of cigars and german beer - user oktoberfest takes over new york's nat sherman townhouse: "
"yall still eat string cheese "
"you would think the possibility of a 3rd burns to my tongue &amp; throat would be enough to keep me from shoving hot pizza in my mouth. wrong"
"i made pizza rolls."
"i cooked breakfast.. bacon , cheesy eggs , toast , and oatmeal."
"rt user ima be 50 still ordering chicken tenders and fries "
"all my cookies are gone"
"user i get the vegetarian one which is loaded with veggies then i add bacon to it bc i like meat and i get my eg .
"user the walking bread"
"user we have the oven brick fired pizza today and the grim feeder brunch tomorrow "
"plus i'm still getting cheese from my blow spot. idgaf what i'm doing, bet you can come shop."
"don't you dare put the words "vegan" and "bacon" in the same sentence ever again. who do i need to fight about this? .
"i'm always in the mood for blt pizza"
"somebody loves macaroni and cheese...oh, and selfies. macaroniandcheese wannatakeaselfie .
"user yes, my 11 year old is restricted to beer. lol"
"rt user your wcw dances in the kitchen at 2:30 am while eating pizza... its me im your wcw"
"rt user bands beer fire user bonfire tonight heritage park taylor free the event starts at 4pm fun for whole family .
"kroger ad preview: october 18-24 $0.59 big k soda 2 liters, $0.68 progresso soup, $0.88/lb red or black seedless... .
"donuts! @ robinette's apple haus &amp; winery .
"little ceasers crazy bread&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"rainy days means pizza!"
"i really want user pizza but i'm lacking in the money department "
"cheese danishes from au bon pain give me a will to live"
"gonna start this day with some wet ass pizza and finish the night with some french vanilla ciroc"
"rt user somehow, subway has convinced us that eating an entire loaf of bread in one sitting is healthy."
"rt user i want to try mac and cheese so much, it looks so fucking tasty .
"user user that's fair but we don't consider arcades gambling or chuck e cheese, dave and buster etc"
"okay but deep dish pizza is the best pizza, dont @ me"
"your wcw cooks bacon in the microwave"
"rt user guy throwing beer cans at no one in particular, 500 block north scott."
"i fucking love the detroit rave scene!! ride that pizza user user .
"today pumpkin penne friday was spaghetti meatballs and sausage and hump day pasta e fagioli. .
"ssimh "cheeseburger, milkshake, cola, french fries..." fugueforfastfood"
"hold my beer .
"the leftist beer hall plot was foiled. .
"rt user lauryn and i had three different kinds of cookies, two different drinks, way too many chips, and garlic bread at our m"
"rt user honestly jacks pizza will just always have my heart"
"who else is "bacon"? beamersmoke smoking smoke rollingpapers bong bowl pun funny .
"coors beer vip tailgate party featuring sabor havana cigars. it happens just like that !"
"rt user made pizza tonight! let's see how it tastes .
"rt user comfort food shouldn't be complicated - try tilly's sausage spaghetti recipe with the little ones this weekend: "
"its all about the u ! coors beer vip tailgate party featuring sabor havana cigars. it happens just like that ! ... .
"rt user shamrock pancake breakfast is happening today! come to tennant hall anytime between 10 and 3. see ya there .
"where da boosters trynna make some cheese"
"washtenaw dairy is holding a blooddrive october 21st at bethlehem church! donate&amp;enjoy some donuts . see the face .
"user young pizza "
"rt user just hanging. send me those cakes .
"rt user user user hey there sheryl my daughter is a girl scout and we will get cookies to y'all."
"the 3 keys to happiness in life are god, pizza, and nerdy catholic girls with glasses."
"user i actually worship pizza... to be fair... pizza is life"
"user umm... i want your breakfast. you can keep the sausage. i will take the rest of it. "
"it's lunch time, it's vito's pizza time! order now! . .
"proper way to make a double cheese burger: bun, patty, cheese, ketchup, mustard, patty, cheese, other condiments, bun"
"i remember when i was in high school in i use to shoot in come up hella cheese right before the weekend best feeling "
"this dude i work with loveeeeeeee happy s pizza nigga been talkin about this shit for like 45 min "
"rt user corbyn ; subway -gives out free cookies to kids -learned how to do tricks with the dressing bottles -everyone's "
"if you not talking cash guap cheese or bandz then i cant hear you"
"french toast is bread soaked in egg. gross .
"i need bacon."
"rt user slovenian baker makes artwork on loaves of bread .
"skillet meaty shells and cheese - rants from my crazy kitchen .
"rt user tjis is the greatest thing since sliced bread .
"rt user beer first, food second. here's where to find both in traverse city. (photo: user . http"
"rt user introducing the chorizo burger with chorizo, 2 beef patties, 2 slices of monterey jack cheese, fire roasted veggies "
"user we've got the perfect backdrops for selfies and group photos! say cheese! happy race weekend! freepmarathon"
"it's a grilled cheese kind of day."
"rt user grab a beer and join me on the couch. it's college football time. .
"rt user president ross gives the bones donuts for bonecoming but campus police tells them to stop playing..... anyone else see"
"sit back and relax, pop a beer. watch user and let them do your thinking for you! so easy to stay in the fox ne .
"user user say cheese! happy race weekend! freepmarathon"
"just spent the last 6 hours learning to draw... xd i'm so tired. my hand is so tired. i need pizza. lol."
"rt user none of the items on the mcdonald's menu could be certified as vegetarian even their french fries, which use a natur"
"correct me if wrong, based theory of survival of fittest, beer only kills weakest brain cells. beer makes you smart!"
"the pizzas being served in bursley today (10/14) are: pepperoni pizza cheese pizza roasted vegetable pizza"
"check out our latest podcast on our streaming station! . beer weed sports politics news movies humor detroit"
"nothing like getting home to open your pizza box to the wrong pie user what kind of monster eats banana p .
"new post: better on draft 104 halloween and beer | better on draft | .
"better on draft episode 104- halloween and beer .
"rt user ty isaac seems to be michigan's best rb when he's healthy and not holding the ball like a loaf of bread."
"great news - lager of the lakes is the one beer i'd have for the rest of my life if i could only have one beer for .
"strolling dinner. craft beer, michigan wine and local hard cider tastings, dessert!! youll get to interact... .
"if i were to eat or even smell a pancake right now i might throw up"
"rt user i don't buy or eat papa johns grease pizza, you might as well i eject some lard into your veins, cardiac pizza. .
"my life has really improved since i started putting cottage cheese in my scrambled eggs"
"i hope my swiss cheese offensive line tweet plays out as reverse psychology and we keep playing well."
"im in professional school &amp; still pizza lunchables on regular. adult "
"i'm such a fat ass when i'm depressed. i went to ann arbor last night just to order a shit ton of insomnia cookies "
"i want monkey bread "
"provisions, a specialty chocolate and cheese shop, coming to ferndale . metrodetroit .
"rt user the real question. what kind of pizza should i order at halftime!? debating between restaurants right now."
"user user ... only put undo burden on pet store owners. and enrich people that bread at there home and tre .
"it may be raining but we're staying dry with our tent at oakland for today's soccer game. free buddies pizza on top .
"user ill tell you what, if you lived downriver you have to give sportsman pizza a try"
"on a rainy day like today all i want is the cheese tortilla soup from user
"beer and food pairings go! @ clouds brewing .
"rt user pumpkin pie cream cheese keto pancakes . lowcarb keto weightloss .
"ad say yes to nationalcheesecurd day with free cheese curds from user ez entry . .
"so far today i spilled burning hot pizza sauce on my naked boobs and im currently suffering from second degree burns"
"rt user what beer would your ideal mate drink? beerlove i married my best friend 18 years ago. thankfully my bff was a chick and"
"perfect weather for a homemade chicken pot pie"
"user it's like the first time you taste bun and cheese."
"user makes me miss mcdonaldland cookies"
"how to make cannabis-infused grilled cheese | herb video recipes . via user
"rain days call for these prewashedpumpkins hotcider donuts .
"from our kitchen to your office. tired of only having pizza as a carryout? try something new --&gt; .
"user hahaha yes dude we have the eclair cakes on special right now... treat yo self."
"rt user user hi! today in amstelveen - the netherlands, you know weed, cheese and mills country .
"rt user hello, i am a bear. where can you get bread? i am asking for another creature. (i am sorry for the deceit. i am the one"
"i want some cookies"
"rt user i just pre ordered mario odyssey! oh and i'm going live after this bowl of mac and cheese "
" yas! great pizza choice .
"rt user nothing better than a beer and catch up on life with user after surviving shooting pictures in the rain for t"
"user fuck you mac and cheese"
"who can take me to get some beer. ill buy you some"
"user harbaugh: "hold my beer""
"dude just came up to the bar and said, beer. felt like i was in a movie. the bartender looked as surprised as i was."
"*opens second beer* good lord....."
"rt user *opens second beer* good lord....."
"a gift bag of cookies for an early birthday present is very tempting ...and i do not handle temptation well !,,,,yum"
"indiana : i bet you can't get 3 penalties in one play michigan : hold my beer"
"drooling over this triple chocolate irish cream loaf cake - garnish with lemon . .
"user one whiskey one scotch one beer. cheers!"
"need pizza and beer."
"rt user say cheese inktober thebatpack .
"who ever decided that hot dogs and mac and cheese was a good combo is a fraud. hot dogs ruined my entire lunch"
"energy drinks leave new father with hole in his skull, fighting for his life during son's birth . via user
"this rain makes me want to sit on my couch in my underwear while eating an endless bucket of fried chicken; while napping occasionally. halp"
"the latest sommbeer ! . sommbeer beer"
"47verily, verily, i say unto you, he that believeth hath eternal life. 48i am the bread of life. john 6:47-48"
"user like non-alcoholic beer."
"rt user me: im never setting foot on ous campus again. ou: *gets beer tent for homecoming* me: .
"rt user this chipotle i'm at sells beer "
"pick a beer, any beer! all beers are $1 off each in the restaurant today....starting now! come on down! "
"mood since 8am - either i'm greedy or committed lolol i don't keep bread in my place. or .
"user trying to order? learn how to enable tweet ordering in your pizza profile: . [13:51:42 edt]"
"pita bread and garlic sauce the breakfast of champions"
"rt user hollywood and the dnc have been intertwined since 2008. from podesta pizza to weinstein showers. the altleft are a "
"user user user candy cane joe-joes make for some excellent santa cookies when traveling and were unable to do homemade. :)"
"user just 1 beer?"
"user that's boneless pizza"
"rt user i need some pizza and halloween movies in my life"
"user oh sound good but bread basket better "
"user user if you live near dearborn, pizza kitchen is decent quality for good price, free delivery .
"rt user dad loves his dadjokes book and like his pizza, the cheesier the better! . user https:/"
"rt user try something different this sat. &amp; sun - enjoy free fresh coffee &amp; donuts, great music, compassionate people,... .
"user good move. on beer 3 now. anesthesia of some kind seems to make this easier."
"my mom just came over with warm homemade cookies"
"rt user opened the fridge and i trembled with fear my buddies are coming and i'm all out of beer mytroublesthatrhyme"
"best way to enjoy college football is with some jets pizza memphisdelivers"
"rt user he that hath a bountiful eye shall be blessed; for he giveth of his bread to the poor. -proverbs 22:9 (kjv)"
"user so good and yes. a frosted mug of beer would complete that."
"come on out and grab a pizza to go with your pumpkin - bring the kids and get your picture with .
"rt user just tryna bake some cookies with the loml"
"rt user some pizza delivery action from yesterdays web olympics .
"rt user i want some milk n cookies .
"beer brewing? kinda strenuous."
"it 2pm and i just woke up and ate bacon off the floor what y'all up to"
"young pizza. i'm ok with this. .
"no that's actually me (ps catfish pizza penutbutter jelly and pant singing love on the brain are playing rn)"
"rt user my cousin from england just sent me a snapchat of him and his friends playing beer pong with coffee mugs and tea cups...t"
"user wait when u looked like u had a bowl of mac and cheese on ur head"
"i need a dozen donuts, hot chocolate, and a nap asap pls"
"just got back with a case of beer. what'd i miss? goblue!!!"
"fact: i dont like okra, chocolate ice cream, ginger beer, coleslaw and potato salad"
" enjoy your bacon. .
"shout out to all of our clients pouring craftbeer user wish we could be there - cheers! beer cybeerfest festival"
"i thought this was fried chicken. .
"7-eleven's cookies and cream puff: a solid improvement to the sweet staple | the japan times .
"user smoky jack turkey, chicken tortilla soup, and kids mac n cheese. thx for a fun family night"
"rt user the most evil thing somebody can do to you is give you cold french fries "
"pizza now targeted because ur all a bunch of fat lazy online pizza ordering fools. never put ur cc in a pizza site, .
"tcf bank stadium is the only stadium in the big ten that serves beer. god bless "
"this is how me and klausen kick it.... cookies, kool-aid, and queen. terribletwos teething .
"rt user teenage parents record themselves forcing daughter to drink beer and smoke marijuana .
"rt user i wrestled rey mysterio jr last night in a 2,500 seat arena &amp; today i wrestled at a beer festival on a horse racetrack."
"user if you order coffee or beer and it takes more than two words - we can't be friends."
"user the philly spring rolls and the mac and cheese w/ p belly are the . user
"who wanna make cookies with me"
"i need to lose weight but damn i love beer thestruggle"
"rt user pizza an 2k type of night..."
"anyone got a beer i could borrow"
"rt user both and wine .
"you eat blue cheese, you eat ass after a good shit"
"yo fam, how you want your bread .
"should i order pizza to the bar?"
"user that's not how pizza works"
"i hate that i tried em, but mcdonalds new chicken tenders good af... but mine were fresh... idk how they are not quite fresh"
"user try a blueberry bagel w strawberry cream cheese "
"pizza &amp; wings or... just pizza?! thats the question"
"no, fairholme, i'm afraid i don't know why people refer to your penis as the cheese wheel! care to enlighten me?"
"got to use bfs points from his credit card for a coupon...we got a large pizza, split toppings and cheese sticks for 5 dollars. "
"rt user toasted macadamia coconut cookies - self proclaimed foodie . user tastewant foodie .
"user weird i just bought pumpkin spice cookies "
"he hates the bread so much he would choose the coleslaw over it. i like the coleslaw too but its definitely not better than the bread..."
"rt user mmmmmm.....chocolate covered strawberry cake! find this amazing homemade recipe here: . cake "
"rt user when you need to conquer narnia with mr. tumnus but beer pong put a hold on things .
"user ...yeah a whole box of cheez-it, a 96 oz coke, a carton of popcorn &amp; xl pepperoni pizza &amp; a cardioligist"
"i need new beer to try. any suggestions ?"
"this is so cute calico cookies .
"he did good yall, he only forgot cheese and my roommate let me borrow some in exchange for a margarita "
"conecuh sausage to go with my roasted turkey &amp; rice dinner tomorrow. .
"rt user this dish was made for late-night cheese lovers. .
"getting up from the table, tripped over my laptop charger, laptop fell, i fell, spilled my m&amp;ms and beer. :-)"
"my first time making gluten free banana bread. i'm excited to get a review from my taste tester. glutenfree .
"remember boys, always open her beer first "
"rt user like if awake retweet if you want a slice of pizza, we got a lot lol .
"user mf ate my pizza and left me one slice &amp; took my charger like im still not about to leave . i was off am he ago"
"user chocolate cake"
"user user begonia brownie. btw, gardenia cookies would be delicious. i'm thinking of making some now."
"user sweep right nuss special on cheese teeth!!!"
"user mmmm.....beer "
"user the bacon-nay-tor"
"rt user i really dont drink that often but ive had more beer today then ive had in years and i am going to paaaaaay for it tomorrow."
"i havent eaten in a couple days but this bread pudding was it for .
"rt user i served breakfast tacos in nyc. banana pudding pancakes with vanilla cream . candied bacon and micro greens. .
"old hwy 22/w. main street: clinton- motor vehicle accident in front of lenny's pizza. user
"user i liked the chicken &amp; cornbread, loaded mac n cheese, and quesito (the latter was so good, .
"rt user old hwy 22/w. main street: clinton- motor vehicle accident in front of lenny's pizza. user
"rt user my baby's first hotdog... asked me if he should 'suck the sausage outta the bun' i told him no, just bite into it. "
"user user not enough ground beef and cheese"
"nigga said i see you got them braces on your grill. . lemme put this sausage on it"
"attention user user user oreo. beer. floats. you're welcome.. .
"user user cool! any pizza is better than no pizza in our book! if you ever want to stop by, we'd .
"watched little mermaid, beauty &amp; the beast and johnny bravo while eating pizza...13 years later we going on our nex .
"discover your weekend plans. newjersey nj gardenstate events festival beer fall music fun hoboken pizza .
"happy friday 13th @ toscanella village cafe &amp; pizza .
"rt user chocolate cake is bae. .
"rt user blue cheese is trash."
"crustless pizza . .
"new post (chicagos soda tax is repealed) has been published on best images collections hd for gadget windows ... - .
"rt user user bet lol. food: west egg, delia's chicken sausage, highland bakery, yeah burger, negril village,flying "
"freshmozzarella + sausages + vineripenedtomatoes = what do you like on your pizza ? . . . travelfoo .
"happening tonight!! stop bye grab some products while supplies last. pizza party and products sponsored by .
"mmmmm the kids made pumpkin breakfast cookies today at cooking with kids!"
"one. day. left. the 2nd annual beer &amp; whiskey festival returns tomorrow. tag your beer &amp; whiskey buddy below! .
"im really struggling between eat panera bread or ordering crispy fries from my local pizzaria. lestruggles"
"fuuuuuuuuuuuck you dude. i worship bacon. its my right as an american. .
"no! the kids need 2 eat! they should offer halal food and something for non-muslims. a mixture including bacon for .
"user user end that soak cheese"
"artisanaccents new candy coloring, chocolate chameleon, is now available at shore cake supply. .
"rt user the latest from user craftbeer our 20 favorite beer names from gabf 2017 .
"rt user you should probably serve these with crusty bread .
"ravioli &amp; vodka sauce pizza order yours -&gt; . . .
"fresh ricotta w/ cranberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut, nutmeg, crispy sage, &amp; walnut bread. .
"user craft beer burgers?"
"rt user i want french fries so bad! "
"i wanna know how asking if we can order a pizza for dinner makes me a spoiled piece of shit when i even offered to pay"
"rt user its friday, and i just want some pizza and a movie date. "
"stream will be a bit later, after pizza "
"good beer yesterday at beach haus. vsco visualsoflife beerporn craftbeer taproom .
"rt user user i bet you eat pizza with a fork and knife, don't you travis?"
"i want pizza everyday "
"we're all doomed!!! fridaythe13th horror horrormovies cookies slashermovies jasonvoorhees .
"tommorw is the rotary club of flemington, nj beer fest! .
"tomorrow is the rotary club of flemington, nj beer fest. .
"shamelessly singing along to rocky horror while i sit in my bed eating mac and cheese and i honestly couldn't ask for more"
"rt user love me some pizza .
"user user that pizza looks amazing! what kind was it?"
"rt user hoping to catch up with fellow internetainer pizza rat. .
"rt user spit on my face and sprinkle me with cheese and call me pretty"
"rt user if you invite me to your house and i find out you keep ketchup in the cabinet i'm reporting you to the police department"
"been up since 9 am and i'm just getting to eat now, but i'm not complaining cuz it's bomb ass pizza "
"posting old photos from previous travel. paris 2007, cheese shop paris paristravel cheese cheeseshop .
".i call this song "photobomb, bacon, chicken". lol courtesy of my children. music beats kids .
"rt user spice it up with moore's buffalo chicken cheese ball recipe . ad mooreflavor foodie "
"rt user enjoy red baron pizza and these free printable football activities while enjoying the game! ad redbarongametime "
"just want a big fat pizza"
"pipeworks lizard king on tap now. . user beermenus"
"stone enjoy by 10.31.17 on tap now. . user beermenus"
"the ale house 11th &amp; willow. hoboken hobokenlife jerseycity bar drinks beer wine ipa .
"rt user the ale house 11th &amp; willow. hoboken hobokenlife jerseycity bar drinks beer wine ipa .
"rt user by the power vested in me by the iraq nuclear deal, i'm ducking my obligation to declare it beer o'clock &amp; will leave it"
"rt user me: wow, you suspended jemele hill on some bullshit how shitty can you be espn: hold my beer .
"blue cheese crusted rib steak rivolisgrillandchill .
"cheese and cracker platter .
"user user user nice! how was the beer that earned you this badge?"
"just gonna receive some pizza from villa pizza, and these figures are too cute to take pictures .
"rt user retweet if you've had or you're having pizza today! .
"rt user ad celebrating national cheesecurdday with user with a story of hope and gratitude after irma "
"rt user wemrock orchards trip-3 stations-donuts/apple cider, apple pie demonstration, pumpkin viewing! user "
"user user i bet you he can eat bread u god damn nerd"
"i made 'beer bread'. first try! awesomeness @ beaver brook gardens .
"eat in / take out - and we deliver too!! go to . to see our menu and call ahead with your order. pizza"
"rt user y'all broke while i'm countin this bread .
"life is all about craft beer, football, and ladies"
"a nicely balanced beer. went great with my sweet potato gnocchi. - drinking a hefeweizen at user - . photo"
"rt user i want pizza and cuddles"
"rt user this bacon so cute .
"nothing worse than the juice that comes out of ketchup bottles. i feel like it ruins the entire plate of food"
"pizza &amp; ribs user topped off with the best homemade ice cream gabrielsfountain . martinsville nights"
"rt user you should take the cheese off your burger. it could save.... first of all, let me stop you there... .
"pizza and lore! thank you so much user and user .
"rt user ya mcm thinks cheese nips are better than cheese its"
"user user user in fairness. cottage cheese is literally cat food"
"rt user tenney, donovan, bacon, yoder, young all holding public events this recess. showupspeakout .
"tastes like pumpkin bread. - drinking a pumpkin bread by user @ bedford bierhaus . photo"
"user cam tooting the worst pete morelli does not like cheese steaks bad calls"
"beer. buster. football. sounds like a great night to us! head over to user . .
"homemade cheese sauce with veal .
"shoutout to user coming in clutch with the free pizza on this fall friday .
"user my 2yo whines: i want chips! wife: do you want cheese with your whine? 2yo: i want cheese!"
"user you feelin alright, my dude? hope them jr. bacon cheeseburgers do you somethin good."
"user you don't want to mess with that crowd, they'll dip you in ketchup and then eat you alive."
"making yellow cake with cream cheese icing so ready for this to come out the oven."
"user user in your professional opinion-he has to be the next chuck e. cheese wack a mole world champi .
"spooky lighting set, oktoberfest beer in hand, finally getting to watch user in therite .
"where once there were pumpkins, now there are steaming loaves of pumpkin bread. yum! farmerchar .
"thanks user and user . the kids ate the pizza before i got a pic but i managed to snap the garlic knots .
"next week we start product of home style premium burritos. stuffed with chorizo, potato, rice, and cheese. also with chicken or beef."
"i was breaking bread with niggas that were shady "
"rt user i will make you a sandwich. bring you a beer. then suck you off while youre watching the game. facts .
"rt user 100% real cheese. thats all treat, no trick. ad babybeltarget user .
"cheap beer and it's okay"
"pennsylvania, dallas breweries start beer war ahead of eagles-cowboys game .
"rt user win pizza for a year &amp; support breast cancer awareness! lovehopepizza contest ad find out more --&gt; "
"some days you eat salad and work out. other days you eat pizza and don't do anything... it's called balance"
"my roommate just handed me a beer while i'm taking a shower bro"
"rt user celebrate cheesecurdday w/ user &amp; enter a user cheese curds giveaway! win ad: .
"user user user i love cheese pizza too. the thing is not to think of this as pizza. it's tomato pie"
"user user want some pizza to accompany your spooky streaming tweet user + unlimitedscreaming .
"rt user ordering pizza with jennifer hudson .
"rt user 1st episode of the new beer podcast is live. thanks to user of user for a lively chat. .
"lmao nvm about hive... a yellow just showed up. guess i'll just go to carnival and suffer (and get a japanese soda maybe)"
"if i skipped beer i could save 365,000. thats not happening either. .
"friday beer. @ biggie's - carlstadt .
"whene you got pizza on a bagel, you can eat pizza on a bagel"
"two brothers atom smasher on tap now. . user beermenus"
"wow chugging beer trash"
"beer me"
"when your 9 year old sis is carrying your beer pong team user user .
"rt user are you rocking the dad bod? us too! user sent us some treats to pair with beer for user check it o "
"i really cant eat a lot anymore 2 slices of pizza and im stuffed "
"do you mean........... sicillian pizza .
"user no pumpkin bread? as was i, my mother always watched whichever reruns were playing. besides the ori .
"rt user friday the 13th might be an unlucky day, but when you live in the land of bacon, badasses and bald eagles, every day is a"
"who is joe on the phone with this early? ordering a pizza? alcs"
"craving a large pie with buffalo chicken, extra cheese and ranch. :((("
"user user user user let me guess troy. you make beer in your mother's basement .
"came back to literally 50 replies abou bread"
"outraged that we don't have boxed mac n cheese or spaghettios in this house"
"user user yes everyone is trading in 2 jobs for 1 full time job at dunkin' donuts that's paying the bills"
"does jared kleinman eat acorn bread"
"rt user idk how basic fitspo it is, peanut butter and rice cakes will always be the goat"
"domino's pizza reports fast growth in digital sales - internetretailing . ecommerce marketing"
"i want cheese sticks .
"rt user school picture day is just like a regular day only you're supposed to drop your kids off with less cream cheese on their"
"i'm gonna make so many fucking cookies tomorrow"
"skeetor cheese 5-0"
"flat beer and chocolate cheesecake, goddamn i'm classy"
"it's so hard giving up beer,but i'm tryna get the best out these gainz"
"rt user burglar: look at all these pizza boxes. he must eat it every day. me (hiding in closet): yeah, or maybe he threw a cool party"
"rt user wtf is an acorn bread"
"connor finished the acorn bread"
"young pizza while drunk"
"user cookies about to go in the oven since youre coming"
"rt user vibrantly colored cheese .
"rt user his penis is beautiful not gon lie... that beer belly not but....not my man. she just sent so many hoes to his dm lmao"
"not every girl wants to sell cookies, some wanna go camping and actually do fun shit thats not purely for the comp .
"i legit just choked on my pizza "
""who loves grape soda?" "eric loves grape soda." .
"rt user 5 brewers you might not know now, but will very soon beer . .
"user that was insane. just now got to watch it. even raw on someone's beer battered camera he sounds unreal."
"have you heard baked series vol 2 : halloween mix by cookies x cream on soundcloud? np .
"430 on a friday? time for a beer. user mlnmwhip .
"user user user your pizza was delicious"
"me right now. between wine and cheese. or both. indoors. or outdoors. but dont wanna travel. idk idk idk .
"take a mini brewery tour at these 6 splendid southern ct breweries we've got world class beer in ... .
"say you're out of honey mustard. it's either ketchup or some dry ass chicken .
"baker street on 63rd street/1st avenue is in the space of the first ever tgif. this friday it smells like beer and .
"user user user (i kinda lied. i dove in last night. my first beer from user was wonder .
"rt user oktoberfest @ fairmont (oct 23-27, 57pm). choice of german sausage, german potato salad, &amp; pretzel twist for $5. "
"nobody is all that ...ya farts don't sell like fresh baked cookies grrrrr light smack ...what lol .
"user user user yawnnn gosh yawn you may have a po-- oh wait! look! espresso infused donuts for everyoneee"
"see nobody is all that ...ya farts don't smell like fresh baked cookies....lol ..light smack .
"rt user swing by the beer barn at the texas state fair, located just outside the cotton bowl steps, for some lonestarbeer "
"off the fork: zucchini bread loved by humans and squirrels- .
"abbys chocolate mug cake recipe (grain-free) . .
"lemon pepper wings and mac n cheese tonight with a side of greens. oh don't let me forget bae just asked for banana pudding."
"tasting the next forever wild beer to be released. this is brett pale ale fermented with black .
"i'm at putnam lake pizza in putnam, ny .
"rt user no joke: a bartender just said the following to me: these cheese fries look beautiful...like you. is this a comp "
"thirsty? hello weekend! beer .
"gotta love user cookies! .
"check out labatts blue buffalo bills nfl zubaz silk flag beer banner sign wall hanging . via user billsmafia"
"user my answer to that question is an emphatic yes. love me some chicago pizza."
"user boneless pizza"
"rt user i ate 35,000 cookies.... last week .
"rt user donuts. .
"my first sourdough loaf still cooling down! bread food baking breakfast recipe homemade cheese foodporn .
"hot pretzels stuffed with brie cheese + a fig jam dunk from viennaofroslyn. if you didn't have .
"@ someone who likes pizza more than me, i'm waiting..."
"rt user when it's fridaythe13th and you just want a beer. .
"friday 13th! 'happy hour' 7pm-9pm $5well/beer/wine! *free beer w/ any woodfired pizza! $7pbr+shot all night... .
"rt user game on. if the user win, well send you a case of user beer and a dozen cannoli. whats in it for n "
"oh, despite being a "foodie" i love waffle house hash browns and i would eat my shoe if it was chicken fried and doused in country gravy"
"rt user and to paint trump's presidential portrait, the ghost of francis bacon!"
"rt user you can help user during nationalpizzamonth by sharing pics of your pizza for a good cause .
"nose strongly reminiscent of grape soda which comes through in the flavor; ... (pbj porter) . photo"
"rt user my talents include: - napping anywhere at anytime - binge watching shows on netflix - making a box of mac &amp; cheese without the"
"rt user enter for a chance to win pizza for a year! snap a pic of ur pink pizza box, tag user + lovehopepizza. "
"rt user try these user this sat at downtown crown beer &amp; wine festival tix: . .
"rt user how catalonia pulled off independence vote from spain using pizza code words, secret schemes .
"common roots/peekskill dualships grisette on tap now. . user bronxville beermenus"
"rt user pizza zoo, the day party for grown-ups, offers limitless slices and booze .
"rt user user the cheese stands alone! the cheese stands alone! hi hi the derry-o, dotard stands alone!"
"user i'm going to drop a glob of ketchup down the front of my bernie jersey tonight to help push them to victory"
"leftover cranberry sauce? make post-thanksgiving cookies. . .
"rt user this joker ain't seen savage yet. wait til' he has to fight for a loaf of bread at the grocery store. that's savage. h"
"apple wrap with cheese and mustard hummus . .
"ithaca pacific gravity on tap now. . user beermenus"
"user user nice! if you're ever in the area, we hope you'll stop by and give our pizza a try!"
"i dont drink but if i did drink. i would be drinking beer and whiskeys."
"rt user ayeee user getting! rt user pizza zoo, the day party for grown-ups, offers limitless slices and booze ht"
"sloppy ass pepperoni and extra cheese pizza, with the grease dripping, at an attractive pace."
""when i travel around the country, i always try to at least have one local beer" .
"rt user if anyone is thinking of fighting me, just know i cook bacon topless."
"my mom put donuts in the refrigerator where do i sign up for a new mom"
"dear dunkin donuts, if i asked for an iced drink i really expect there to be, ya know, some ice in it. thanks! shannon"
"user cant pass up a chance to get some bread"
"will be ordering dinner via my cool new client's app tonight user what says nyc more than pizza + the user thanks, user
"first time experimenting with spun sugar it was quite fun! pumpkin spice cupcake cream cheese frosting. baking .
"cheddar bread = best bread baking cooking food recipes cake desserts win cookies recipe cakes cupcakes .
"store your beer underground! .
"hot cakes"
"rt user i don't want to hear another goddamned republican crying in their beer. this their mess. they knew. take action or go fuck"
"cider donuts from user are a must .
"that moment when your thumb is still greasy from the slice of pizza you just ate so your iphone doesn't recognize your touch id"
"user user user hot sauce is adult ketchup"
"rt user noooooooooo. 'sausage party' director tackling 'the addams family' (exclusive) . via user
"user pizza next time you're in new york city? "
"flashback friday - mini patisseries from tx - wf autumn menu. worked with such an amazing pastry team.pastries .
"great real world thinking from pizza hut - the 'pizza parka' spotlights innovations in it's new delivery pouch .
"there were gasps at christies when a much-hyped francis bacon painting failed to attract a single bid .
"man's love of energy drinks leads to brain hemorrhage . via user
"on an unrelated note, how many nights in a row can you eat fudge strip cookies for dinner before you get diabetes?"
"rt user there were gasps at christies when a much-hyped francis bacon painting failed to attract a single bid .
"pumpkinspice pull apart bread! the perfect addition to any autumn brunch! recipe: . fall .
"it's baaaaaack! fried chicken! new tonight: fried chicken sandwich w/collard green kimchi and .
"user user user user better when you do not add ketchup"
"user french fries, cookies, popeyes biscuits."
"user ughhhh wtf!! just to be fair that pizza shop isnt in queens lol"
"this woman on the ah train said staten island has the best pizza in nyc (also said bronx pizza wasn't good). she needs to leave"
"rt user user user elmo like cookies too... .
"this cute guy just came into my job and bought beer and he had his shorts hanging low and o god... lol i couldnt help but to look bulge"
"rt user user user good questions for a panel... preferably one with beer !"
"rt user i am convinced user dont want people eating vienna sausage &amp; skittles...&amp; i think hes gonna be totally pissed "
"starting my vacation working here from 5pm to closing tonight...! (@ mustachio's pizza in buffalo, ny) .
"pizza is just plain good for the soul. .
"i love how not a single person in this office is doing work. were all drinking beer and talking lol"
"user where else can i get a pizza with dipping sauce aka a sauce for dipping your pizza in"
"spice it up with moore's buffalo chicken cheese ball recipe .
"someone order me a pizza please and thanks"
"blade runner 2049: the world is a smoky ruin controlled by amoral tech companies. san francisco 2017: hold my beer."
"rt user get the grande instead of the tall. take a nap. bake some cookies. paint your nails. use the bath bomb youve been "
"user got a beerlinecleaning todayl beer craftbeer nycbeer nyc draughtbeer draftbeer tapbeer .
"taking clothes to my client amy ceo of califlour pizza for food network and cast of hamilton .
"user user haha, do you like your bacon extra crispy?"
"user here's the beer in question .
"inch thirty-nine of little caesars bacon timeline. .
"still the same strip of bacon we use on our pizza. almost there. .
"just kidding. more little caesar's bacon timeline. .
"inch twenty-four of a little caesars strip of bacon. .
"user but is anyone making bacon?"
"the little caesar's bacon timeline halfway point. .
"we wrap our pizza in a pretty long strip of bacon huh? .
"inch fourteen of a little caesars strip of bacon. .
"only 2 feet of little caesars bacon to go. .
"inch nine of little caesars bacon timeline. .
"a former hollywood stuntman is bringing craft beer and pinball to woodside with his new bar, solid state .
""who wants to eat some pizza? horny and hungry . hookup with hot girls at .
"keep scrolling. we wrap our pizza in a lot of bacon. .
"inch five of 3 feet of bacon. .
"fourth inch of a little caesar's 3 foot strip of bacon. .
"inch two of 3 feet of bacon. .
"just wrapped my timeline in 3 feet of bacon. remade by user . .
"user you get bread from your computer network? cool!"
"flourless almond butter and chocolate sandwich cookies (grain-free) . .
"pizza and scary movies for this friday the 13th"
"rt user scary movie checklist: comfy couch blankets to hide under plenty of pizza fridaythe13th .
"rt user "trump followers aren't racist! you can't compare trump followers to nazis!" trump follower: hold my beer... .
"rt user friday checklist: run bake pumpkin bread watch scary movie"
"user user user sounds pretty great! was this your first time trying a beer from that brewery?"
"hellinacell reactions, the week in wrestling, and a weird dive down to pizza town...subscribe and listen on itunes or click the link in bio"
"my idea of winning was fully realized today when i made it to try the daily craft beer selection at work before... .
"apple, bacon and sausage breakfast skillet . .
"rt user chili mac &amp; cheese? yes please! visit publix for rag bogo now through 10/11 (10/4 - 10/10 for some locations): "
"rt user store your beer underground! .
"user (and something for the celiac folks because i would not wish "gluten-free pizza" on anyone.)"
"wells &amp; young bombardier on tap now. . beermenus"
" i'm buying your next beer bruh. .
"user come for the leafs, stay for the beer!"
"rt user a former hollywood stuntman is bringing craft beer and pinball to woodside with his new bar, solid state "
"young pumpernickel bread .
"rt user user come for the leafs, stay for the beer!"
"cranberry bread (grain-free) . .
"inside taiwan's craft beer renaissance. .
"user well maybe not as good as pizza but it's still good lol i got a chicken burrito &amp; it was super yummy .
"user user user if i can predict the future. i left bread crumbs. all of this was planned. god is about to talk oh wow"
"few things are better than friday afternoon post-work celebratory beer and chicken fingers w/ colleagues"
"rt user i can't believe that i had to read this with my own two eyes. salt, pepper, and ketchup or bust .
"rt user user user my lived experience is that ketchup on fries is very very gross and i will never stop speakin"
"rt user user i dip the fries in the ketchup rather than put it on them"
"rt user user fries aren't complete without ketchup. lots of it. .
"user all you know is your wife's ketchup company. go away herman munster"
"rt user user if your fries need ketchup, they are not good fries. nat(h)alie solidarity!"
"user now learns he's also responsible for the virgin islands. it's like getting charged for the bread basket at a restaurant, i know. "
"rt user user are you against gravy and cheese curds like poutine? how about cheese?"
"rt user user regular ketchup, yes. curry ketchup, though, is the bomb."
"user na your not i only like pumpkin pie and pumpkin bread thats it haha the other stuff tastes weird"
"rt user i'm sorry but if my son getting the 30pc at chuck e cheese i gotta jump in. .
"user imperial is my least fave pizza ever"
"brussels sprout pizza with goat cheese . .
"user bacon timeline"
"i have to confessdontrepress , last night i ate 2 double junior bacon cheese burger meals and 12 chicken nuggets. .
"rt user starts with a donut, ends with a beer. friday, i'm always glad when you're here."
"solid state brings craft beer and pinball to woodside,queens . .
"tell me whats more lit that beer, bratwurst, and some bros? ...ill wait .
"user cause i cant eat no meat so cheese is my meat !"
"update: . the cheese is... okay .
": man rapes woman, wants to have beer before she calls cops .
"totally worth the calories. give up cheese, whats the matter with you?? .
"mr. universal ice cream: caramel and oatmeal cookies in milk ice cream (@ kansha creamery) . .
"user thats why dont fuck w dsu or a lot of other hbcu. they be playing with the bread and they are so unprofessional."
"user user are cookies bread?"
"pizza, wings and a movie with my loves watching the bfg movie"
"ill meet u by u i want to get beer? is that ok"
"user user sausage party! although i do wanna try endless rant ipa. sonnystrong"
"bro i go to this pizza shop all the time not for nothing tho... theyre pizza is good af. .
"rt user coffee oreo cheesecake brownies! layers of gooey goodness &amp; hidden user cookies in every bite! "
"china jade on yelp: stir-fried chicken w/ roast chilli &amp; green chili (lunch special) .
"rt user tag a friend who would love these marbled cookies .
"i'm now the weird person cutting an unrealistic quantity of cheese in the vice kitchen"
"remember when the weekend meant beer and relaxation? now we have threats of war and sketchy mass shootings. ww3 lasvegasshooting sadtimes"
"my tattoo artist gave me cheese n crackers, i'm most definitely not mad it was some dank ass cheese"
"rt user dutch schultz has a show on 10/14/2017 at 08:00 pm @ grand pizza in new britain, ct . concert"
"user user but like thats what makes bread, bread right?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! yeast"
"uric acid - instant gout pain relief - does baking soda really work like they say it does? .
"15 gluten-free stuffing recipes that will make you forget about bread . fitness"
"user especially if i keep eating cookies for dinner. too bad i'm monotone. .
"rt user french fries .
"rt user its friday the 13th. i wanna be laid up watching scary movies and eating pizza "
"rt user user my crib is always open plus i have a bunch of beer at the fridge lol"
"rt user i dont really care for mixed drinks when im out. shots only. im trying to get drunk ok? skip the soda/juice"
"rt user just added! soda pop - 9495 follow me here for updates and status: . .
"hill farmstead conduct of life on tap now. . user barrelhouse beermenus"
"he (me) was up and then --ooh, user beer--he (me) was down! dodgeball at campshocktop .
"for beer-battered seafood lovers, get ready to make authentic "pub style" dishes at home . .
"friday celebration grilled cheese grilledcheese food yum foodporn cheese sandwich recipe lunch foodie .
"i'm lactose intolerant and have a stomach bug rn but i ate a ton of cheese earlier and i'm somehow ok logic"
"wwwwhhhaaaattt!!!!like if bacon is life! laurastoo baconisthebest foodlove omg bringthistoplattsburgh... .
"user i'm not a doctor but i'm pretty sure there's a piece of pizza stuck in your eye"
"doesn't have cookies but has got rice crackers. .
"rt user right about ketchup, wrong about just salt. everybody knows fries goes with ranch or bbq sauce. .
"friday coffee break this gluten-free, dairy-free banana bread was legit love this yellow .
""bacon for good boys!" .
"rt user pizza-stuffed chicken roll ups chicken dinner just became pizza night. recipe: . .
"user cats don't eat pizza..."
"user anything for u me and moe are always here for you . and always welcome to our crib xbox and beer for you "
"when staten talks shit i'm like borough please, i'm cookin dinner for my queens makin shells n cheese"
"rt user we hope everyone's weekend is as fun loaded as this baconjam quesadilla user bacon fryday "
"rt user so many guys say youll be my wife someday watch like no im not bc your a dog already and all that beer will catch up to"
"user user user those look amazing! which pastry was your favorite?"
"what bothers me is it still says nice and easy and there was no warning and they did not honor the slice of pizza .
"[oc] buckeye thumbprint cookies! i absolutely adore chocolate and peanut butter together. [6000x4000] foodporn .
"beer/cheddar/chive loaf. still crackling so haven't cut into it. will post an update once i do. bread food .
"sitting on a jetski in the middle of a lake w/ a beer life is good"
"happyhour: buy 2 drinks (beer or wine), get the third one free! @ ground central coffee company .
"ptsa billies bash is in full swing. come join us for hot dogs, cookies, bounce houses and face painting! .
"that cheese cake factory "
""ummmm boneless pizza" .
"rt user give them bacon and send them to a muslim country! they are not capable of being american citizens! why cant we tak "
"i'm puttin' up your choice of a dozen bagels or 2 pizza pies from anywhere in nyc that ships 'em frozen. whatchu' g .
"i know i've been back on my pescatarian diet.. but i'm craving some fried chicken with hot sauce"
"check this out! main street pizza company is raising money for gca! throughout the month of october, a portion... .
"in my defense, i watched the bartender make the margarita. i knew i'd need bread before drinking it. i did not have bread."
"just cried at a 30 second commercial for cookies that played on hulu if youre wondering how emotionally stable i am"
"edge hands him a long peice of bacon petting his head .
"rt user all i want in life rn is a glass of apple cider and a dozen apple cider donuts"
"if you are ever in the bronx, get a slice from full moon on arthur ave. i would say it is the best pizza in nyc but i'm biased lol"
"user user did you enjoy hunkering down with that pizza?"
"just spilled a beer all over ash's car i'm such a dick"
"i need pizza so bad"
"the tickets are cheap, the beer is even cheaper. join us at bowery electric tonight, or any night. all welcome 21+ w/ valid id and charisma."
"user shut up already you incompetent moron hope after this you never serve anybody but french fries! .
"ffegr of el paso fire made his crew some steak sandwiches...but honestly you can keep the bread .
"come to user for user rocktoberfest weekend! enjoy two days of live music and great beer. .
"rt user me: im going to be healthy breakfast: fruit lunch: sandwich dinner: salad midnight snack: large pizza, mac &amp; cheese, a gal"
"why does no italian place carry cheese lasagna"
"it should be illegal to label gluten free pizza dough as pizza dough on packaging in stores - its a blatant lie."
"user after my son had cleft palete surgery one of the foods he could eat after a bit were french fries, s .
"rt user we'll also be giving away user infamous authentic whiskey cakes made with user ! see you to "
"fancy some beer? try one of these. these are the most popular beers at the 2017 great american beer festival .
"omg user is selling beer now as if i didn't already spend all my paychecks there"
"user seriously though, who cares if your next calendar isnt quite like the last one! fans got to watch you chop bacon! "
"cheese is like wine"
"whew...glad to be almost done with work. there's leftover pizza from the school kitchen that i can't wait to take home "
"niggas brought me a sandwich and soda too.. it's still fuck 12 forever tho."
"east coast iceland - user quote of the day: "they have goat cheese here! i mean they have sheep... .
"rt user mini pumpkin bundt cakes with cheesecake filling grab the recipe today on the blog: . .
"rt user user tucker carlson is to media/commentary what sugary energy drinks are to diet/nutrition. hes a shameles "
"i am already optioning my screenplay in which they rapidly evolve from eating pizza to eating people .
"rt user no10: pm has full confidence in philip hammond. no11: hold my beer..."
"thats a good bread .
"rt user the tickets are cheap, the beer is even cheaper. join us at bowery electric tonight, or any night. all welcome 21+ w/ v"
"me at company happy hours: *walks downstairs. sees people. spots beer. grabs a beer. goes back to desk and drinks beer.* "
"i literally cook and serve sausage for 8 hours at wegs chilling"
"nothing better than an ice cold beer after a long work week."
"just a gal trying to enjoy her artichoke pizza in wsp and theres a man rapping about me/it. he ended with just some food for thought"
"a chop cheese is 1 of nys simple pleasures "
"pizza at work today bout to busssssssssssss "
"~ been craving some donuts .
"two roads roadsmary's baby on tap now. . user beermenus"
"rt user homemade chicken apple sausage far surpasses any ol' storebought variety. user . "
"im only a hornets fan for bacon .
"i'd attend more meetings if cookies were promised. .
"rt user drizzling the ketchup on the fries&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;dipping them in the ketchup"
"user you can tell i really like cheese. i fucking wish i had chocolate cake right now."
"user i love rose wine. this is raspberry im drinking. pizza is on the way "
"user user i hear u confiscated the cheese"
"i have secured the cheese .
"2-for-2 so far. will you buy me a soda pop? .
"if i die unexpectedly, please lay slices of pizza on my casket as a gesture of solidarity and love. fuckroses "
"just because i like french fries don't mean i like french kissing"
"rt user user stop wasting good pizza on this bullshit"
"rt user trail runners. sat. oct. 21 user is hosting a 8, 4, and 2-mile run at gibraltar rock. beer, swag and fun. "
"it took one beer to make me feel happy enough to buy a cersei lannister necklace (which i did not need) off etsy for my halloween costume."
"&amp;pizza!!! soooo goooood!!! @ &amp;pizza .
"rt user user our group is the masters of off script stops. a cupcake break at goodness cakes! mmmmm .
"rt user join us and liberty humane society for our craft beer festival. taste the best of what the area has to offer in bee "
"user graziella's for pizza, clinton hill technically but i love bolinas. you have two food halls gotham and deka .
"user user honestly it's a very intimidating cheese"
"user user and yet, they already have cookies covered."
"november 3, 6-9pm, it's beer o'clock! drop-off your artwork for our members show, check out witness &amp; sample beer! .
"buffalo chicken pizza yummm"
"user i ate a flower once and i tasted like cheese"
"rt user calling all mac 'n' cheese lovers ! these 7 recipes are made for you ! .
"yankees and beer with my baby tonight user
"user user tbt to when i put a whole slice of pizza on my face as a joke. i too, broke out afterwards. .
"user user user i hereby declare tomorrow dudas pizza day. i will use slice, my man "
"user such a great farmers market! pls eat all teh cheese rolls for me k?"
"rt user who says you can't have donuts for dinner? want a mac'n'cheese-nut? a spaghetti-nut? let's go nuts! "
"waiting on a pizza &amp; then finishing the last twelve hours promised on stream."
"genetically modified wheat could bring bread back to those with celiac disease . .
"user well farty pants.. pizza gate opened the doors for pedogate and it is real.. the gates are flowing"
"i don't need this kind of negativity in my life! givemecheese .
"rt user this guy has me putting cheese in ramen. what the fuuuuccckkk is life?!"
"cant believe these people had owners bread catered and had the nerve to serve the black man soup smh"
"making bacon in the oven, instead of a skillet, is way less messy, and better for your kitchen .
"making pizza? getting it delivered? either way, you're going to want some sauce. .
"cookies,#recipes,#dessert did you know there are certain foods can help you to build muscles faster? .
"great to see the drydenrecreation winter catalog on display carrozza pizza co. @ carrozza pizza .
"you might be surprised to learn this, but new car smell, a cranberry air freshener &amp; pizza do not mix well."
"my tongue feels like i just ate 4 kiwis, but it was pizza. "
"user i'd combine you with cheese and you would be even more tasty."
"i don't trust people who eat nachos without cheese or salsa. like who raised you"
"millennials seem to think pot is safer and cheaper than beer .
"aigh where's the pizza at"
"user user love seeing how my book about sally inspired great pizza making at your school! yummy!"
"bbq + starcraft + beer = win."
"user user pizza and streaming make the perfect pair tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + to g .
"have felt like exploding in a million anxious bits all day. after work, i'm gonna eat pizza, get really high, and write the goddamn poem."
"rt user do you ever have one of those days where you just want your dog and 46 chocolate chip cookies......because same"
"young slice of pizza .
"user user sounds great to us! is that your favorite kind of pizza?"
"user ..... is that how you eat your cheese sticks? "
"user i believe in you. you can make a better pancake with a little research and practice."
"last of the obnoxious rts! if you're nyc/brooklyn tomorrow and free let's chill and drink beer!"
"rt user brooooooklyn!! im on at 11:30 free admission, free pizza, good vibes boi .
"amc horror movie night and pizza hut. "
"rt user happy fridaythe13th! tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + for some free pizza to pair with a scary movie. "
"is that an option? can you add fur to your order like bacon? user
"rt user respect. why isnt bread picking a side? we are picking a side. we side with our users. .
"rt user "soda pop, soda pop" * handmade quilts * . etsymntt etsy handmade"
"at table 321 at anotheranimeconvention right next to the wild bill's soda pop stand. come say hi! aac2017 .
"mmm.. bacon.. .
"victory golden monkey bottles now available. . user beermenus"
"share the sargento natural cheese snack love with a friend. ad sargentocrowd .
"in honor of emma swan's last episode, i'm enjoying grilled cheese &amp; onion rings! user user .
"bih i'm bout eat some edible pizza .
"grimm capslock on tap now. . user beermenus"
"rt user three cheese mac sale currently running for my website! full trays for sell, can serve 6-10 people easy, affordable "
"so tonight a little wine and cheese with friends. now if i can just stay awake. wine cheese friday13th .
"user two hours? brb im gonna get pizza first"
"rt user ptsa billies bash is in full swing. come join us for hot dogs, cookies, bounce houses and face painting! .
"questnutrition : these chocolate skeleton protein cookies made out of quest bars are scary good! recipe: .
"poolish biga in one bread bread food baking breakfast recipe homemade cheese foodporn yummy bakery .
"my makeup and outfit are really good today yet here i am alone on the couch eating nacho cheese with my hands"
"best pizza in sf?!? annnd go "
"out of work, cold beer, bin fire and user is our president! folks, life doesnt get better than this! america yessir"
"i can literally drink one beer and i'll be peeing for the rest of the night"
"user this food is amazing!!! the best pizza i've had in ages. definitely coming back! user
"pizza time!! .
"kids &amp; dogs go together like chocolate chip cookies &amp; milk .
"cinnamon sugar rim with pumpkin beer is - drinking a pumpkin ale by user @ whiskey tavern .
"prosciutto, potato, onion and arugla pizza. it's what's for dinner. . .
"7 reasons why you should never eat ketchup . .
"rt user nyc's biggest pizza party returns this halloween w/ downtown's sweetheart user &amp; more! happy friday the 13th "
"apple cider bread with currants (and a crapload of melty butter) . .
"cakes desserts recipes baking . chocolate mayonnaise cake ii"
"i made hayburner chicken wing soup and grilled cheese friday get loud"
"rt user the only way to eat pizza is to drown it in ranch "
"i made pumpkin chocolate chip cookies and didn't fuck them up look how pretty they are .
"this is what michael from vsauce said off-the-record about call of duty: "pizza dough funded dogs.""
"yeah but i can chug beer faster than him, so who is really winning at life? .
"lmfao this was so me this morning stupid b*tch gave me cookies when i asked for a frappe .
"do yous put ketchup on your eggs"
"fuck it beer olympics at the crib"
"rt user check out these fun candy corn cookies for halloween! user ad . recipes .
"ready for pizza and a scary movie with user unlimitedscreaming via user
"user everything is better with bacon!!!!! "
"rt user happy national pizza day! @ keste williamsburg .
"user i dont know you but i hate you. having lived in nyc for 7yrs i havent had walkers smokey bacon in my head. now i need them."
"pancake kitten requested by my art viewer shape condenast nature ladyart instaart art .
". learn how baking soda can turn your house from frightening to fresh this halloween! simplesolutions ad .
"rt user if this gets 200 rts, everyone gets free pizza. ready set go .
"binging with wine and pizza user .
"i cant believe how many beer bongs i did with someone who is now being prosecuted by the federal government"
"user now i'm thinking about donuts too."
"rt user i need a beer. someone beer me pls. its been a day"
"friday feelings @ juliana's pizza .
"i just ate like 10 tostones drenched in ketchup. send help."
"want clear skin? - take cough medicine every 4 hours - drink chammomile tea all day long - forfeit cheese - hate life"
"rt user join the dark side, we have pizza parties every friday"
"rt user pick up this deal at user your home of $5 pizza and all your tailgate needs! ad .
"wondering about the best 15 minute car ride ever? hearing the "best of" choral warm-ups! 1 is "chocolate cookies and oreos"user
"13 year old and his first beer .
"user user jimgaffigan pastrami didn't know they made pastrami pizza "
"brunch for $34.95: any item on the menu +1.5 hrs unlimited brunch cocktails + tap beer + basket of bread, home made mini muffins &amp; jelly"
"user young gluten-free bread loaf."
"user cuse gonna shock the world tonight! or until i finish this first beer."
"user user southerners dont know shit about pizza!"
"deep dish pizza (grain-free) . .
"rt user this is terrific! &lt;3 the house that cheese built . via user
"user it's my favorite beer. i can only hold out for so long."
"user haha.. i rather be with a girl who eats pizza.. lol"
"just an outstanding beer ... - drinking an oatmeal cookie brown ale by user at user .
"ya rather spend a low price for a tattoo that look like crap than spend bread for a nice professional looking tattoo "
"user user me too bro especially since im going to mexico the monday after twitchcon lmfao. energy drinks stocked"
"user i'm a foodie/beer snob, not a sociopathically fancy freak"
"rt user when niggaz ask me for favors i don't text back straight cheese boy "
"loaded fries for lunch. pizza and chicken fingers for dinner. this has been a successful fattyfriday"
"rt user he's trying to say cheese .
"today is a great friday the 13th so far. i got a christmas tree, french fries, and i get to live with kano the puppy."
"come watch movies, drink wine and eat cookies with me and my identical. k thanks."
"user inner circle, get the hot chips pizza and wings. best french onion dip in history of universe"
"rt user alcohol and endless amounts of pizza. user .
"young beef patty with cheese .
"getting a southern fried steak! - drinking a belgian white @ locomotions sports bar &amp; grill - . photo"
"this bacon cheddar dip from trader joes is sooooo good"
"you can now order a papa johns pizza while messaging your friends on facebook without ever leaving the app .
"i want to drink lotsaaa beer and talk to people"
"a cheese advent calendar exists and we are so ready for it .
" who wants mac and cheese? .
"user but how else are you going to get your favorite chopped cheese?"
"who doesnt love some cheap beer and a fire on a crisp fall night "
"cocktail sauce, hot sauce, ketchup... bounty paper towel. "
"this girl, tho @ parleaux beer lab .
"rt user i want/need halloween sugar cookies"
"hate to break it to y'all but artichoke pizza is vastly over rated"
"stoneyard hazy hoppy nonsense ipa on tap now. . beermenus"
"rt user when u get older u gotta spend yo bread on stupid shit like curtain rods ....smh"
"friday night staying in watching sports first syracuse football then yankees. who wants to bring me some beer ? .
"rt user scientists announced that eating bacon sharpens your sense of humor. "which also helps explain jews, muslims and vegetarian"
"im becoming a woman that finally has an answer to what do you want to eat for dinner? pizza. the answer is always pizza."
"user whats your cut of choice for chicken-fried steak?"
"answered: "i've been scrubbing tongue with toothbrush and baking soda. now 1 of bumps at back is har..." healthtap .
"user lmfao (chugs a beer at work)"
"my girlfriend made a friday the 13th themed birthday cake cake birthday chocolate food dessert yummy love .
"user are you excited to do more marathon beer drinking in two weeks, once more with pumpkin"
"rt user there's never been a time in my life where a dozen donuts or chicken parm have ever let me down"
"the perfect beer for an exercise science major .
"cheese board cutting board 3 pak handcrafted from oak and . via user
"rt user user user user thanks for my delicious and cheese sticks. i am now ready for "
"user user user user hot dogs are all-american and this is the nba. support the one tr .
"rt user shoutout to user coming in clutch with the free pizza on this fall friday .
"and this is just the bread. now booking the final weekend of the club car at the heath! join .
"user well, at least you'll soon have pizza to keep you company (and then you'll be alone again)."
"user user user user prissy why would anyone believe their lies. go stick your head in a pizza oven."
"now playing : pizza shop f. mf doom &amp; del the funky homosapien by user tune in at . .
"mom for the win with pizza and meds. "
"2bros pizza, hitting"
"wtf lol u wilden rt user if u eat pizza folded we cant be cool. go buy a sandwich u fucking weirdo"
"consumers warned not to eat "toma celena" raw milk alpine table cheese, sample confirmed w/listeria contamination. .
"i wonder what larry david would have to say about tongs in a box of donuts .
"rt user then the cheese. rt user this was my shit and the first thing im grabbing when i go on there is the hams https:/"
"after working 12+ hours every day this week and then drinking precisely one beer .
"rt user clemson tailgate is underway! join us in stadium lot behind the dome until 6:30 for wings, pizza, and cornhole! "
"just had a dream about people wearing cookie capes, and you could just pull cookies off their capes when they walked by."
"user lol that sounds good! i just ate half a loaf of garlic bread. im happy"
"win a box of pumpkin spice madeleine cookies and brownie bites! user giveaway user .
"user user dont disrespect hawaiian pizza like that , thats the best pizza on earth ."
"after a few sips i can dig this beer user powerpop craftbeer .
"rt user user i hear the asst. principal loves krispy kreme donuts! whos gonna get to her first?"
"i'm going to die waiting for this pizza"
"rt user where tf y'all got chicken tenders at .
"i also wish that famous amos cookies had a twitter page so that i could let them know directly that i adore their chocolate chip cookies."
"rt user warning: there isn't nearly as much beer in the wilderness as coors commercials lead one to believe."
"i hate shit like this. do yall want cookies or something? .
"'sausage party' director tackling 'the addams family' (exclusive) . via user
"mini pumpkin bundt cakes these mini pumpkin bundt cakes with cheesecake filling are sure to impr... . via user
"hot wings, 'cuse football, and cheap beer. - drinking a miller high life by user - .
"in burger heaven with user mound city shack burger with smoked ranch bacon and special sauce created exclu .
"tasty beer time ... - drinking a resurgence ipa by user - . photo"
"i will never understand humans who leave bread in their bread basket. i have pretty good self control but come on! "
"user if monty plays go with him, more pass game potential. have a beer for me! good luck "
"peppermint pinwheel cookies (grain-free, paleo) . .
"swiss cheese investigation. the only thing that ever stays secret in this investigation is the outcome. .
"user i hope she beat the sh*t out of him with those beer cans first."
"rt user steven hyde my son loves camaros, zeppelin, french fries &amp; jackie abandoned by everyone has trust issues "
"chilli cheese fries are the best comfort food... fthis takethisstressandshoveit .
"rt user i hope yall are proud of yourselves. enjoy that caucasian cook out with your auntie linda dry ass pasta with the big cheese"
"rt user unfortunately, 4 days of cake talk plays out for a month of episodes but at least that's less then 6 years of sprin "
"ll cool j - pink cookies in a plastic bag"
"rt user pizza delivery guy just rang my doorbell &amp; i didn't order pizza. told him he had wrong house, one of the hardest things i've e"
"wish i was at prudential center for those pizza box nachos "
"whiskey, bourbon, beer and grilled cheese this place is pretty good"
"a good night for user pizza and wings beer movie night"
"heading to chicago now! what are your deep dish pizza recos? preferably in river north...? :)"
"rt user me- theres not much more shit life can do to me. life- hold my beer."
"want some pizza to accompany your spooky streaming tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + to get your snack on"
"was told to buy 2 donuts by user &amp; cashier slipped a 3rd one for free! fri13, my lucky day! also this pic repr .
"these smart bears broke into a pizza place and the owner had the best reaction pizzafriday .
"town hall w. my entire dept this week and guess what photo of me was submitted for the slideshow ... me and a slice of adriennes pizza some"
"user is that a sausage pizza."
"rt user btw: it's fine to dvr baseball. like cold pizza, way better watching it in the morning. tonight is for user macgyver hawaiif"
"it has been scientifically proven that grilled cheese tastes better when cut in half corner to corner"
"when you've had a day from hell &amp; all you want is pizza! makin a quick stop before going home. .
"rt user serving jambalaya tonight user with corn bread, hush puppies, &amp; sweet potato casserole user "
"rt user i broke bread with bitches i should've let starve..that's my fault thou."
"user jason sipped a bit of his soda and occasionally took some kernels as the show continued. once the .
"user just your classic philadelphia cream cheese "
"great meal &amp; service user pizza pasta meatballs italian cavatelli speck .
"i have my beer and chips, just waiting on game 1 of the alcs to start. go yankees! .
"get you a man who looks at you like bruno looks at a pizza box .
"user user user ignore park hes drunk off happy hour beer and german idealism"
"love the grilled cheese truffle centerbarny lunch anyone? .
"rt user young pizza .
"rt user lets go yankees! mlb playoffs tonight beer &amp; food specials during the game .
"i wanted pizza but instead of ordering delivery i popped a frozen one in the oven - is this better or worse .
"rt user young soda. .
"how to make math more friendly? add beer! museum of math .
"did you know that a hamburger is created from cheese in discord servers?"
"user lets decorate the apartment &amp; make cookies and go to a haunted house."
"oraciously eats hot dogs, chuggs beer, then grabs bat* okay boys, lets get 'em. (at least that's what i do in my mind). yankees alcs2017"
"watching in a bar, sharing a table, pizza and beer with total strangers clemvscuse"
"rt user other than tuesday's win, best cbj thing this week? john tortorella calls artemi panarin "bread." not "breadman," jus"
"chemo dulls her taste buds so all she'll eat now is smoked salmon and bacon. note the untouched low sodium canned t .
"prairie artisinal ales christmas bomb 2016 growlers now available. . beermenus"
"voraciously eats hot dogs, chuggs beer, then grabs bat* okay boys, lets get 'em. (at least that's what i do in my mind). yankees alcs2017"
"mcdonalds chicken tenders are a waste i just like the little thing were u can put your bbq sauce thats pretty sick"
"rt user food cooking delicious cook bbq bacon meatballs bbq bacon onion? wrapped meatballs .
"rt user i'm suspicious of anyone carrying a pizza like a briefcase."
"rt user garlic bread grilled cheese is a thing you guys. a thing from the heavens."
"young string cheese .
"thinking about when rams and i were just sitting on the nyc street drinkin beer from brown bags&amp; i said "babe i feel like abby and ilana rn""
"rt user home brewing: 70 top secrets &amp; tricks to beer brewing right... beverages . beverages"
""what is this" "that's cheese" "and what is this" "cheese also" "and what is this? potato?" "that's cheese""
"leo tolstoys family recipe for mac n cheese user - . .
"bacon wrapped chicken stuffed with asparagus and mozzarella . recipe cooking .
"user user thanks for pizza was finally able to send to my cousins yummy .
"rt user pizza hut parka keeps you as warm as a pizza: . .
"french toast is literally soggy bread .
"rt user you know the school cafeteria is great when your first grader comes home raving that yahaira made him a gf grilled cheese"
"would rather b at a bar with a cold beer but this will do .
"pumpkin bread with oats . .
"rt user i ate reputation cookies and customised reputation m&amp;ms and chicken tenders and then i realised she had the same vinega"
"come to the career fair at the ramada inn off of i-74, pinecrest ave. exit. complimentary monical's pizza, first co .
"today someone emailed me about posting in return for a month worth of free pizza and i thought about becoming a mf influencer again"
"my diet today: waffle with bacon and brie, fried chicken, wine ice cream, squash soup. living my best life?"
"rt user our smoked and fried chicken sandwich topped with sweet and smoky bbq sauce, mayo, pickles and romaine slaw "
"buffalo wild wings doesnt have cheddar cheese curds. ridiculous!"
"dr pepper literally my favorite soda "
"have your japanese beer and mix it, too, with kirin ichiban beertails: . mensgear menslifestyle mensfashion mens"
"ghostly chicken &amp; pepper pizza - my friendly ghost pizza wont scare folks away from your dinner table. my fami... .
"80on sunday dyckman bar presents sundayfunday edition sundayoct 15 beer pitcher .
"friday night lights at baby cakes field. st. aug vs. john curtis purpleknights letsgopurple .
"user tumblr didn't even fuck up rnm it was the stupid fancy ketchup disaster but yeah, everything else p .
"5 tips to travel with champagne taste on a beer budget user . .
"user attacking the nra, which does not regulate firearms, is misdirected. have another beer and think ab .
"i just want to drink the feelings that halseys album will elicit but my beer is almost gone and they're $13 for a corona"
"end of little caesar's (made by user bacon timeline. time to enjoy the real thing at a location neare .
"dallas keuchel looks like he should be selling artisanal cheese at the union square green market."
"inch forty-one of 3 feet of bacon. .
"i'll def take some pizza to accompany my spooky movie binge. lol! user user + unlimitedscreaming + .
"user i guarantee that an anpanman pizza in japan would have an, pan, or both in it."
"10 times bacon tried to test our love by trying a new look .
"rt user in 2017 we don't date people who still drink soda"
"user nice, i considered giving up pizza!"
"mr. potato head-captain america cake! kellybankscakes @ kelly banks cakes .
"user i like ketchup better on food than in my hand, but, any port in a storm. have a good weekend "
"reading a novel about a programmer who starts baking bread and decides to join an underground farmers market. this book is totally my jam"
"parachute on yelp: the bing bread .
"dude won't wear a user cap but would gladly give away our beer if the yanks lose. that's no bet, esp. coming fr .
"ireallyshouldtry to switch to drinking ale instead of beer."
"rt user it's lunch time &amp; it's friday. methinks it's time for everyone in queensnyc to eat pizza .
"user are you going to user ? i'll buy you a covfefe or a beer!"
"user you can be committed to it all you want with your fish and chips just don't push our fish and chips i .
"rt user check out maui hawaii hawaiian beer sweatshirt size large black da kine tiki surf aloha . via user
"(my bacon number is 2*: i had a class with kevin bacon's brother and he helped me compose music, and he's in a band with the bacon)"
"user sure is make sure you get your cookies out there"
"he smoke trees while i'm up on my knees after that cook him steak wit grilled cheese"
"10pm and i'm craving a pizza."
"yiff furry porn . - [f] cakes girl puppy .
"so the portions at faro were smaller than a sample cup of mac and cheese i get at whole foods"
"user because they see trump as butter spread on their bread..."
"made some vegan cookies, someone please come eat them ."
"please bring me chocolate cake."
"i have beer let's talk about l ron hubbard c'mon over"
"rt user my family calls vagina "coco bread" bih i was so shook when i could read and saw them selling actual "coco bread" i "
"mr. vegas - bruk bread . nowplaying listenlive"
"shake shack chicken tenders exist and more intel . newyorkcity nyc .
"well i watched friday the 13th and made cookies what a lovely day i had"
"who owns the stadiums the astros play in? a soda company. oh, weird. who owns the stadium the yankees play in? the yankees. ."
"rt user every pizza is a personal pizza if you believe in yourself"
"airmax loving cakes lmao .
"i ate my welcome bag for dinner. when i get married im giving people pizza lunchables."
"royallll with cheese"
"rt user user surprised our user pizza party winners from yesterday's clinic! they played user and "
"rt user owners of 'breaking bad' house build fence to shield from pizza-throwers . .
"young fried chicken .
"brick oven pepperoni pizza &amp; hocus pocus with my little girl on a friday night. wevibing"
"rt user new user brings finest welsh cheeses to your door .
"rt user whereas those dudes are now unilaterally beer bellied, unhappily married and nursing 10 year coke hangovers"
"user need i remind you that kevin bacon is a lead actor? best movie of horror or any genre. tremors .
"bacon shine like a beacon"
"i hate all upsets i don't get bread on lol .
"pea pasta with goat cheese sauce . .
"dude is such a hipster no beard but beer coffee pets tattoos friends money, god th list goes on..."
"tastes just like it says. really sweet but not bad. favoritebeers summershandy beers footy greatnight beer .
"walnut sourdough batards bread food baking breakfast recipe homemade cheese foodporn yummy bakery .
"thank you the5thavenuetheatre for these beautiful cookies! folkvangrcookies user .
"rt user am singing in the rain it's like ketchup moutarde paris hilton you know new york city like chinatown those barbecue it's"
"rt user not even vegan, but i'm a sucker for a good user class! lots of fun making vegan cheese with this crew and "
"i just saw a commercial for a bacon, egg, and cheese taco. tacobell makin dreams come true."
"rt user a catholic uber service where you get in and theres wine and bread and its also a confessional box"
"rt user user i got some african sausage for you whenever you stop playin"
"rt user fruit. beer. fest. come check out unique local craft beers tom at the 1sr annual ofw fruit beer fest. 2-5pm. limited tix"
"rt user received sext: "i want you to come over, i want to hold you, i want to eat pizza, and i want to choke you." .
"5 brewers you might not know now, but will very soon beer . .
"you want this bowl? there's also some fried fish on the lord now how do i know you are idiots i have pneumonia do you are"
"support every child's right to a good night's sleep: a pajama walk with pizza. .
"user everytime i see her in that scene with the pizza it drives me nuts. fold that s!user damn it lol"
"rt user if i lick it, it's mine! beer cats .
"self care is gently singing user songs to supermarket cheese. i cant help but be ruled by inconsistency .
"rt user i'm 21 and i burnt my grilled cheese i made for lunch today .
"rt user absolutely thrilled to announce that we now have our very own beer! catnip, in partnership with our friends at "
"when the freaking boyyyyyyyyyys drink one (1) beer each sprots aroid gotclout friends liveitup seniors .
"rt user today 12pm-10pm @ world beer festival (409 blackwell st, 27701) user
"from 12pm-10pm user is @ world beer fest / 409 blackwell st, 27701 .
"user they even have a beer garden now apparently. but this year i'm coincidentally out of town both weekends. :/"
"user user dont forget user birthday beer crawl in plaza midwood! user user .
"cheers to national dessert day! join us for dinner tonight &amp; enjoy a sweet treat created by our pastry chef jamie!"
"turkey cheese and mayo is the holy trinity of sandwiches"
"pumpkin cake, apple caramel pumpkin seed user pumpkin donuts @ vortex doughnuts .
"new trending gif tagged beer, drink, drunk, drinking, weekend, bunny, rabbit, saturday, liquor via giphy .
"rt user pizza culture technology"
"in the tennessee mountains. local pizza joint gives 15% off if you wear your gun into the restaurant. yeahhhh not in mood for pizza anymore"
"rt user how did i miss this - tanner muse with the fucking beer chug celly .
"speaking of breaking bread, im tryna take my ol lady to user tonight and i just hope the catfish sliders i .
"bible. psalms 127:2 [2]it is vain for you to rise up early, to sit up late, to eat the bread of sorrows: for so he .
"rt user user psa 41:9 yea, mine own familiar friend, in whom i trusted, which did eat of my bread, hath lifted up "
"rt user if you listen to james brown you can connect with the soul of your great grandfather. true shit. yo grandma fried fish to thi"
"some cheese eggs would hit"
"it's our user saturday! come and get your bulkogikbbq and pair it with their award winning beer on this b .
"rt user nu'est w talk about their preferences ah, these cuties q: beer or soju? : i don't drink, though?? .
"rt user hawaiian bread is like the best bread out there tho fr"
"user respect. get that bread b"
"rt user pizza is trash. philly sandwiches are trash. all sandwiches are trash."
"q: "baby, what do you want to eat after your football practice?" a: "sweet tea, bacon, &amp; cornbread." thingssouthernmamasask"
"cannoli cake anyone? available at sweet cheeks bakery! phone at 919-303-9305 . bakery apex .
""i'm drinkin beer, n eatin tush my darlin left me for an octopus he has eight legs i have one tooth i sure do miss .
"user my mom and stepdad go to the one on 51 all the time! chicken fried steaks!"
"2nd annual clt s'macdown mac-n-cheese competition &amp; craft beer tasting all u can sample! tix .
"first ward fall festival october 13-14: sip craft beer and enjoy food trucks and family games .
"young dunkin donuts iced coffee .
"alright state let's go! already had one disappointment with no beer towers at bar."
"rt user making cakes using 3d printing technology. .
"rt user are you mad cuz financial aid playing with your refund check? or fried chicken friday just got you lit this morning "
"919flashback - you never sausage a dip! . 919raleigh"
"rt user user user i think putting fries on ketchup ruins ketchup"
"al riggs coffee review episode 18: dunkin donuts chocolate donut flavored coffee is ok and not the best b- buy hek .
"rt user 100 beer bottle caps mixed lot $12 recycle upcycle craft bottlecaps beercaps beerbottlecaps "
"attending the user at dbap today? stop by and say hi.. look at our beer lineup w/a new user be .
"user panther cheerleaders and free beer too.. suck it. um wow good game"
"raleigh .. mall &amp; cheese cake factory ?"
"user user anybody hungrey for pizza ???"
"yall i was so lit lastnight.. my best friend opened a soda bottle, &amp; i said "bless you" with confidence "
"rt user love comin' at ya. remember: waffles, eggs, bacon and biscuits (can't go wrong). .
"world beer fest! - drinking a ka-bar brown ale by user at user . photo"
"i have a request for some new cookies if thats the case!"
"best weaver street combo: young boy with a pile of shredded cheese &amp; pile of raisins- in each pile rests an unpeeled egg."
"i just ordered pizza for the first time since moving from brooklyn to charlotte. i don't expect my follow up tweets to be in good spirits."
"precious cargo. when youre a beer geek, you end up bringing beer to a friends move, too. .
"sausage biscuits always the move "
"user user user way to go! what's the most interesting beer you've tried recently?"
"rt user the science of beer...at utsa. tooinfectious user .
"rt user cookie dough dip and cookies .
"rt user cfa: any sauce with your nuggets?" g: no just uh ketchup and polyester sauce." cfa: ".......... certainly!""
"user why didn't we think of that...must be the beer"
"grand opening today... user buy $10 of bread &amp; receive $3 off all week long! plaza fiesta, 2111 asheville .
"beer &amp; mimosas for breakfast today lordfairsquad"
"donuts good af no matter what kind .
"only came for the beer. go patriots @ the unknown brewing company .
"just witnessed a small child in a pizza joint with a unicorn horn on. talk about servinglooks"
""[t]hey often favour songs that are associated with influential times, places and people." or beer .
"happy birthday kaitlin hope seventeens full of pizza, good music, and beach trips :) love ya long time .
"rt user pussy smell like vienna sausage juice"
"rt user attending the user at dbap today? stop by and say hi.. look at our beer lineup w/a new user be "
"rt user i need a large pizza to deal with this awards show. amas"
"rt user more maple bacon please. bepositivein4words"
"bisonte pizza on yelp: first time last night. bourbon wings, italian sandwich, and greek salad were all very very .
"rt user lmfao cause he eating sausage .
"angelica pickles (rugrats) rice krispy treat pops cake pops cookies 3tier cake 6in, 8in, 10in"
"sipping beer in vip lounge .
"user btw cam johnson looks smoother than a cold beer on an august moon "
"i love cookies so much its a problem"
"user user there's a beer &amp; pool stick in the background of this photo so i'm just going to assume the .
"bitch you brokeeee shut up dont talk to me get your bread up"
"fans keep tossing pizza on breaking bad house .
"come join us tonight as we tap a big bourbon barrel aged barleywine. @ the beer growler .
"user user user user 4 more hours on the pork. 30 minutes on the sausage."
"$7 nachos, $3.50 user ipa. all day every (sat&amp;sun)day. user @ world of beer .
"user that's how stalin started. first gregg's then percy ingles and sent all the sausage rolls of to a gu .
"draft beer list for today and the taps have increased by 2.... thats right we now have 12 beers .
"rt user user user them's fighting words!! (and god forbid, don't pick on bacon either)!! .
"celebrate with our signature homemade chocolate cake. .
"rt user who got cake thread drop your cakes .
"rt user hines field ...better ketchup. .
"i suspect whole foods hot bar bacon is what elizabeth barrett browning was thinking of when she wrote sonnet 43. "
"rt user everyone this year is all about working out/getting in shape. meanwhile im just sat here eating pizza with spaghetti an"
"there are many people of color who love craft beer, but craft beer industry is one of the whitest and race exclusive industries in the u.s."
"rt user bake with me! pumpkin spice cookies (fall haul, halloween festivities &amp; more) .
"user today i ate something amazing. buttery biscuit, maple sausage, perfectly-fried egg, caramelized oni .
"and craft beer culture is not "casual" to those whom don't usually fit it, often people/women of color, femmes, poor folk, etc."
"rt user user we've got vegan cheese! howdoyoublaze"
"user absolutely. "go on, guys, you can go further left than that! here, we'll hold your beer, give it a shot!""
"i'm at randy's pizza in durham, nc .
"wanna have a pizza party but the man drunk on writing"
"rt user garlic cheese-stuffed pretzel bombs. .
"i don't think pub groups are wrong. when beer culture theology takes up so much space in the "progressive xtian sphere" it can be isolating."
"beer battered string bean fries [vegan] . via user
"rt user will i ever learn to avoid gas station pizza? absolutely not."
"i'll beat ya ass you slander mac &amp; cheese"
"have enjoyed user , user , user , user and user so far at durham world beer fest"
"pizza ???? smh .
"rt user yes, pizza .
"football beer weed food"
"niggs slandering pizza how unamerican .
"the first donuts that stephen &amp; i have found that beat our fav nc donut spot we ordered 1/2 a .
"we made it to halong bay. in 6 days. fuck. i think me and user deserve a beer"
"we have belgian beer for the adults and bounce houses for the kids! hugo the hornet will even be stopping by. happy .
"looking for nc beer &amp; wine at the fair? here's how to find us! pls share publichousenc ncstatefair ncbeer .
"rt user grab your friends &amp; come to the la kings beer fest before tonight's game! includes game ticket, koozie &amp; 2 beers. "
"user i thought young cookies would be good...but young pizza pizza takes the cake, respectfully. "
"user dad ordered no cheese on a plain hamburger, but got cheese. why?"
"yall dont understand how much im craving lidos pizza and a diet coke"
"rt user the world's largest pizza was about 2.5 times as big as a basketball court. .
"ordered chicken tenders and they brought it with complimentary gravy. texas, what??"
"my expectations were met. the pizza sucks."
"i hope we stay thick as thieves. butter and bread. pillars on colonial homes."
"rt user we have belgian beer for the adults and bounce houses for the kids! hugo the hornet will even be stopping by. happy "
"the soda fountain where i work at is out of o2 and i tried it and it was so bad i'm just blargh"
"cheese sticks so damn good bruh"
"rt user wake up early in the morning &amp; eat that pussy like cold pizza .
"oktoberfest is here! come get some beer specials and support the jaycees @ the official second .
"wine, cheese, and chocolate event. right now until 6pm. cheesecake with chocolate balsamic while it lasts .
"rt user big rob got the chicken parmesan wrap in lee's summit: chicken parm, swiss, provolone, toast, bacon, egg, sriracha "
"my mac &amp; cheese user user user .
"when you're delivering pizza and you spot a white squirrel .
"rt user user user we're good, me too! but...ummm....got any homemade cookies?"
"contact - all about beer: .
"user user i'll have you both know that i have finished a large fry and a bacon double cheeseburger alone on multiple occasions"
"rt user right now i am drinking this local craftbeer at a pub in northernireland. what is your favorite local beer? "
"rt user your man got cakes. i hope you're clapping em. .
"user kevin bacon"
"user my houseguest beer will be one that looks like one type of beer but is easily mistaken for another. .
"rt user corny af rt user pizza too damn good i lost my mind !!! the kicked me out because insaid their pizza is good htt"
"i am daydreaming of the ham-and-cheese sliders and bacon-wrapped smoked sausages that my roommate made last night "
"rt user you had a nigga named muhammad making bacon sandwiches? that shit must me torch! .
"hello i need w88t let's cmoce it then buy 50 bread and swing @ the park lmk :0)"
"new uniforms thank you pizza hut!!! .
"ever try fried pizza at the user heres how its made! .
"hub city brew fest is in full swing! only in spartanburg do you get your beer blessed before a .
"rt user how about calling it kid scouts, go camping, tie knots, sell cookies, and everyone just shut up. .
"enjoying some delicious bloody mary's! the secret? user barney flats oatmeal stout &amp; eat beer hot sauce. avbc .
"rt user new uniforms thank you pizza hut!!! .
"lunch!! josephspitabread flatbread pizza!!! made with user pizza sauce, incurred .
"rt user a slow cooker keeps this baked pimento cheese dip recipe warm from the first quarter to the last. user "
"rt user enjoying some delicious bloody mary's! the secret? user barney flats oatmeal stout &amp; eat beer hot sauce. avbc "
"some of last nights damage! cantillon beer .
"rt user glad i spent 20 minutes in the supermarket paralysed by choice only to buy the same disgusting frozen pizza i buy ever"
"baking soda: the most powerful ingredient that you can use to heal any health problem! .
"rt user i love randys donuts in la fatboygang .
"rt user pimento cheese and pork skins...they must be stopped. cc...user .
"rt user oktoberfest featuring user is this saturday from 1-7! great beer, great contests, great prizes! dont miss i "
"well balanced beer. just a hint of heat well balanced by the hop character.... (jalapeo ipa) .
"bacon queso... yes please! baddaddysburgerbar lunchdate foodporn @ bad daddy's burger bar .
"i'm 'i'd rather have a shower coffee than a shower beer' years old."
"user though lately at work i've been making mug cakes and marathoning agents of shield."
"bitch how about the pizza man never showed up with my pizza &amp; wings .
"they cheese curds be love "
"them cheese curds be love "
"harper's music &amp; treat stand was a success, thanks to the bar cookies we baker from user .
"also i forgot to share this bun i got at the pastry place; the small asian lady said they are hip rn &amp; it was very .
"user yaaasss!! ill start baking cookies now and work on my h8rade recipe (alcoholic, of course)."
"why am i craving grilled cheese"
"stop by today for a tour and a user or nodabrewing beer on us! we are open until 5pm .
"finding the saving grace in krispy kreme coffee and donuts with user . pretty much sitting around this morning .
"user guess they need go back and learn some english and eat some bacon u seriously need to move to american"
"brunch beer - drinking a wrought iron cream stout by user - . photo"
"anyone like beer? @ yard house .
"my love for pizza is thicc"
"observation from this morning: you really see the worst in people when there's an hour-long wait for wood-fired pizza at a pumpkin patch."
"taste like banana runts. not a bad thing - drinking a wells banana bread beer at user - .
"fall activities! oh, and beer!!! oktoberfest sugarmountain bannerelk wnc fall autumn beer .
"every sunday all draft beer $7 or less is $3.50. bring your lunch/dinner and come join us for cheap craft beer .
"user waited an hour and 20 mins and paid $22 for one large and very cold pizza! not a happy customer!"
"user ppl have been fired by an employer for a picture of a girl drinking a beer on fb. we lose anonymity, i .
"blt. minus the l and t our cheshire smokehouse bacon is great by itself or with . madeinnc .
"user is it debbie because has called me debra? it bc you like debbie cakes??"
"enjoy our delicious deep dish pizza deal! bigcheesepizza bigcheesebigdeals .
"beer is calling my name"
"user look at all the bread loaves! .
"rt user my very unpopular food opinion is i prefer stove top mac &amp; cheese over baked "
"wow rt user my very unpopular food opinion is i prefer stove top mac &amp; cheese over baked "
"gonna get some strawberry soda and drink it out a wine glass"
"user user "made to order" donuts are better than krispy kreme! .
"user i don't know. could use a bit more bacon in my opinion."
"on top of having amazing jamaician patties i just had the best macaroni &amp; cheese i have ever tasted! ever! user in garner/raleigh"
"fsu: we started 1-3 and struggled vs wake forest clemson: hold my beer"
"dont use the microwave use the oven instead lets be healthy fuck bread .
"9 naan pizza recipes that are as easy as pie . .
"i could go for some wendys chicken nuggets and some mcdonalds cookies rn"
"user user and im a damn carpenter pffft bologna and cheese"
"i came to the bar to drink a beer with nick and he pulls out a sheet of acid in front of the bartender and just rips me off three doses"
"i need beer"
"2k18, weed and vegan pizza "
"user nothing like a beer gut and yolked arms?"
"rt user oklahoma losing to isu, clemson hold my beer."
"rt user its the weekend baby. youknow what that means. its time to drink precisely one beer and call 911"
"user i adore the first one, just saying its cheesy too (good cheese so i guess point taken)"
"rt user the original craft beer drinker has logged the hell on .
"user im gonna need more beer then"
"policeman fired after commenting on facebook that jihad terrorists should be wrapped in bacon .
"user user user amazing beer! thanks jack for starting the craftbeer revolution!"
"user user i have beer but no pizza"
"all i want right now is pumpkin cookies and layne."
"rt user i hate when people don't eat their pizza crust????? like???? that's the best part????"
"ipa of the day. 64 ibu 8.2% abv. beer .
"user they dont sell beer at mcdonalds"
"chicken and cheese! .
"i wish dogs could drink beer. i would totally get litty with riley"
"user interesting story. my dad gave his dog beer and he was okay "
"rt user me: everything i've done is a mistake and i should die also me: haha the drug man threw the pizza on the roof"
"rt user cake mix cookies 9 ways .
"user user best beer on planet earth my friend."
"review: snowflakes, iced cakes and second chances by sue watson user user . via user
"rt user chocolate cake. .
"of course everyone bails on plans after i buy beer smh"
"user user g'nite save some pizza for me."
"rt user i bet neil armstrong was pretty bummed to discover the moon wasn't made of cheese."
"i'm at king's pizza in orlando, fl .
"rt user your past president user is embracing her "retired old lady" status and baking some fresh smores cookies for t "
"rt user it's a chicken fried steak omelet. .
"rt user from blue cheese to dirt, how beautiful bacteria can be . .
"rt user in weatherford, ok sharing a beer and reminiscing with my long time fiend 'mean gene' okerlund. grateful"
"user has chicken tenders and all we want are spicy nuggets back"
"buying the entire syracuse campus a beer! stay classy, clemson! clemvscuse .
"thinking ordering a pizza "
"user damn that spicy italian sausage make a gir's knees give out lmfaoo we stupid brah haha"
"user haha i just figured you were tweeting that from inside a literal beer shower"
"i love when i smear my ketchup all over my friessssss. the satisfaction i get when i see it all over "
"rt user look up ab say cheese .
"user i'm sure there was some beer holding as well?"
"rt user this or lightskinned cake would be perfect right now. .
"rt user don't miss beer from fat head's brewery and our signature painkiller drink from porco lounge &amp; tiki room plus more. "
"hey user pizza hut is advertising how great their delivery bags are. their drivers must be slow. howdesperatearethey driverlife"
"user try ordering fries and asking for ketchup. they act like it comes out of their check "
"burgers 2 beer was on point tonight"
"when ya dad comes home with da cheese cake. .
"rt user fun times user for the user bestofcle party. maple bacon donuts to end a great night! .
"this the only one that make sense . canes nasty asf to me they bread good tho .
"user yes!! there is never too much cheese."
"rt user i just want to carve a god damned pumpkin and bake some fucking halloween sugar cookies with someone is that too much to"
"i love playing 7 degrees of kevin bacon on friday the 13th. get from kb to jason in 7 degrees or less. kb was in friday the 13th with jason."
"user when you want pizza but your mom won't let you buy some"
"stg i better get this pizza or else"
"rt user halloween themed reeses pieces chewy chocolate cookies - stingy, thrifty, broke . via user
"van 1: pizza and beers in danville after crushing their first legs. .
"user fry bacon misfitmischief mischiefafterdark .
"rt user so random friday road trip to visit user that's what happens when you hang out with your beer geek friend"
"omg, these blinkcincinnati cookies from user .
"you would not believe the ugly scream that ripped through me when this happened. and i almost spilled my beer .
"rt user sweet dreams are made of cheese. .
"user what type of pizza"
"rt user you are worth more than beer bottles displayed like drunken artifacts"
"rt user god became flesh 2b man's eternal food rt eucharist bread of angels nature feeds on itself "
"user what do you think of my pumpkin spice cake with cream cheese frosting .
"user does it look like he needs another beer gotta save tj lol"
"user i like to eat cookies i believe. gato is cat"
"rt user banana bread coffee cake banana bread coffee cake... oh my! . via user
"user i'll bring cookies!"
"what's better than going out on a friday? staying in, ordering a large pizza, and binge watching netflix til u fall into food coma heaven"
"user yeah for halloween i will be a taco with little meat and cheese like you provide .
"user user wedge wood is the best pizza"
"*hannah points at beer can in yard* "are the garden fairies gonna get that?""
"rt user god is great, beer is good, and people are crazy."
"brandon ordered pizza hut for me. i am blessed."
"user hit me up sometime so we can drink a beer together"
"fun times rock hall for the cleveland magazine bestofcle party. maple bacon donuts to end a great night! .
"coby's so lucky we're friends cause i'm spending the night making him his cookies "
"columbus-vegas user flight has oreos and ritz crackers with cheese filling, which go great with jack and c .
"user user real beer for real beer drinkers"
"tavyn &amp; i have a couple moves, but are headed to bdubs w/ are beer &amp; bottle "
"user how was that racist cakes? come on dude. i like your videos but i do not see how any of that was racist."
"rt user columbus-vegas user flight has oreos and ritz crackers with cheese filling, which go great with jack and c "
"y'all kill me acting like up until last year y'all ain consume your favorite cookies &amp; cereal with dairy milk "
"i just ordered a cheese quesidilla, and they literally didnt give me cheese. just tortilla bread."
"that moment when there's pizza in the kitchen... but you've already taken your pants off and are comfy in bed."
"my first checkpoint, and i made it through with a beer in the cup holder and no id"
"rt user user user i wouldn't eat a user pizza if they were all free. john is a despicable excuse for a human b "
"monkey bread (without cinnamon &amp;amp; sugar) . .
"rt user user bacon sucks"
"user i made bread pudding yesterday, family fave....u guys eat that over there?"
"rt user how cool is that? we can do everything for a beer... .
"if he cant break bread he a fake, i had one more buck on my plate, it was me and bro and we was in the store both us got a 50 cent cake "
"user i despise bacon unless it's burned! so difficult to order at a restaurant..."
"if u fell asleep drunk n high n woke up drunk then start drinking again you may have some deep seeded emotional issues ... or u like beer"
"rt user you bitches look dumb as fuck commenting "recipe please!!! " under a pic of cheese pizza"
"dunkin' donuts has the worst coffee ever"
"dads, sons &amp; donuts! check out . where you can view, download, .
"double chocolate cake for breakfast bc i'm worth it yupppp"
"rt user these smart bears broke into a pizza place and the owner had the best reaction pizzafriday .
"user best pizza in youngstown is avalon"
"update: the donuts got through security. they are pete's "personal item""
"join us dec 1st &amp; 2nd for a weekend of good food and great craftbeer! . user .
"rt user get your weekend baking started with this sensational chocolate sour cream pound cake dessert recipeoftheday "
"time to make the donuts time to make the donuts"
"rt user when youre deciding which beer to buy, then look at your bank account. .
"happy sauerkraut festival weekend!! cant wait to be there tomorrow and eat some sauerkraut pizza!! waynesville hometown"
"user your pizza when it was 25 cents per wing&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"pitsburg pizza and grill? .
"bacon encrusted turkey breast. i weep for people unable to experience this."
"user user user he thought it was donuts &amp; milk time!"
"puff pastry apple blossoms - looks amazing!! .
"rittman police and fire were bringing home the bacon on this call. .
"institution of the lord's supper 22 and as they were eating, he took bread, and after blessing it broke it and ga .
"rt user i also got a piece of pizza .
"shea butter deodorant w/arrowroot &amp; baking soda, all natural @ tea, herb &amp; milk soaps--&gt; . .
"genma, why you gotta post a red velvet donuts vid on your yt channel :(("
"user user user hitler would be proud. his beer hall putsch concept works flawlessly in canada."
"rt user sample sale!! i have 2 of these cheeky pizza slice samples up for sale 15 plus postage. dm me for deets pizza ht"
"rt user user wowexceptional texas beeruser user user user user "
"real friends give you ketchup when you forgot to grab extra packets"
"is halloween sugar cookies acceptable for breakfast? asking for a friend.. "
"user your song, drink a beer by user is playing in a few mins on k99.1fm! listen @ .
"i'm at dunkin donuts in springfield, oh .
"the bacon sandwich .
"rt user a delicious avocado banana bread recipe courtesy of the watertable . via user
"rt user i need beer"
"rt user to everyone playing in the beer pong tournament tomorrow it is $10 a team and all money will go to my moms benefit!!!"
""you got champagne taste on a beer budget" -words of my dad on our way to a show this morning"
"eggs bacon 80s music saturdaykitchen .
"user my family has stopped buying kraft mac &amp; cheese bc it tastes awful. the cheese doesnt cover the noodles. yuck "
"rt user stack the cheese for 4 months thats a real run!"
"rt user baked some whole wheat chocolate chip zucchini bread for my little one! all natural .
"happy saturday! come by for cupcakes, scones, biscuits, rolls and cookies. we're here for .
"i delivered pizza like 3 miles from where this happen about 2 hours before it happen .
"user he's a missed man truly! i'll drink a beer for him that's for sure"
"get crafty with donuts! check out these fun donut crafts and projects .
"just got done working 24 of the last 32 hours and i think this 1 beer is going to put me into a coma."
" demarcus97: oiled up cakes well done .
"the all-you-can-eat pancake breakfast and the 5k starts at 9:00am! come join us! .
"sausage &amp; pancakes for breakfast !! come and get it !! happysaturday .
"wait, i was wrong. he didn't die but used a ketchup trick."
"user i love the fried okra! i had that last night, along with the chicken tenderloins."
"wounded fingers beer soap for irritated skin, dryness, softens, moisturize, antibacterial--&gt; . .
"user exactly! girl power!!!! also, cookies beat popcorn any day!"
"gotta say i was real confused as to how taylor had rep biscuits and then i realized they're cookies. makes a lot more sense."
"user right?! i had eggs and bacon. a big football brekkie is the best"
"i cant cook bacon to save my life but eggs and toast r good"
"user user user lets all have a beer/morning bourbon."
"9. the white trash family that orders $30 worth of food and stays there all day being loud and ordering 10 hash browns during dinner"
"only thing on my mind this morning is pussy and donuts "
"tonight at barley hopsters terrapin beer co. will be here to teach you a thing or two about what they do and... .
"bake pumpkin bread, create apple butter, &amp; then incorporate both into a breakfast sandwich: . .
"rt user if they would put a dunkin donuts in where the old dq was i would never complain about living in canal fulton ever again"
"user thanks for the pic, takes me back to my very first trip to maine beer company this summer, it will not .
"rt user is there anyone that can donate 50 packs of chicken and 20 cases of soda to our feeding event??? (951)224-9438"
"rt user using the akron craft beer festival to do a little user prep yeah...the view from user stage isnt inti "
"best sausage sandwiches in the world are made there!! .
"user did he ask if you wanted to go to chuck e. cheese orrrrr? "
"user i've been flip flopping on what to do since last night. making cookies right now. leaning toward get .
"i should not be up nor should i be craving a beer this early."
"saturday (10/14): fired up mobile - one of the best wood-fired pizza in the area!"
"rt user a balanced diet includes a beer in each hand"
"papa johns and little caesars: offer vegan cheese pizza! - sign the petition! . via user
"rt user 21 of the worlds most amazing same-sex wedding cakes . weddingcake .
"rt user italian sausage sliders sandwiches - .
"user well...if ya go the one way then you could get a nice cold beer between some thick, steamy butt cheeks! "
"gluten free blueberry banana bread . .
"something new is hits shelves thursday! what could it be? buskenbakery halloween cookies .
"tim is at heini's cheese chalet this saturday 10-4 so you can getyourmustardon .
"for almost 9 hours, all i will have to eat is a tiny personal pizza and a single granola bar. gocards"
"came in the house making breakfast now i have pancake mix on white scrubs, great thinking juice"
"mmm... donuts...*drool* .
"i'm in desperate need of a jimmy jaw breaker and cheese on a stick oh and deep fried buckeyes and veggies "
"user i love all of the pasta, pizza, cannoli options in cleveland's little italy. will be checking out san diego .
"made it to texas and cracked a beer all before sunrise. "
"nothing like a morning jog to digest the pizza i had last night."
"user i don't eat cookies, yet i have 3 cases of cookie dough in my freezer right now???!!!!"
"thanksgiving holiday food safe silicone mold chocolate thanksgiving cakedecorating turkey diy ebay . via user
"stay hydrated! your body needs water, not soda to be healthy! makethechange .
"someone bring me iced coffee and a sausage mcmuffin please"
"user go to dunkin donuts and order double double. get it every time. 8 creams and 8 sugars."
"rt user lawyer ty cobb: "nobody in the white house would be this stupid" trump: "hold my beer""
"smoky chorizo and wild boar rustica pizza along with lamb meatballs al forno in canarywharf .
"naw but for real somebody bring me some grits and 2 pieces of bacon"
"rt user just imagine how great life would be if pizza made u skinny"
"chillicothe paints craft beer festival 10/14/17. craft beers from the portsmouth brewing co! plenty of food and fun .
"rt user lunchtime; bacon &amp; brie toasty.. .
"rt user 4 info 2 help hurricane victims . cheese crackers . mde w/ "
"rt user 2016: "youtube is the best platform for supporting content creators." 2017: youtube .........."hold my beer" .
"good morning!! today's specials: black squirrel nutty waffle with a side of sausage for $9.99, tuna salad on a... .
"things that make me cry thinking about how much i love em: newt, nate,dogs,friends,harry potter, twilight,blue cheese,showering, margaritas"
"put-in-bay's oktoberfest starts today! oct. 14-15, german food, beer &amp; music in derivera park. . familyfun ohio"
"user strawberry cream cheese on a ritz cracker is the best!"
"rt user the unique pizza tap house in murrieta is the place 2 watch all of the college football action! enjoy r food &amp; drin "
"rt user did you know you can relax your hair with baking soda?! in this video, im gonna show you exactly how to... .
"user i mean what time do they start selling beer..? asking for a friend."
"user root beer"
"best dream ever i was in new orleans having some bomb sea food seasoned crawfish crab sausage all of it!"
"user user momma went to holmes county amish country yesterday and brought me back cheese "
"rt user "rise pies is the best pizza in youngstow-" .
"today we release our new beer ice dragon, a west side collaboration for cleveland beer week .
"rt user guess i'll skip my sausage biscuit this morning. i'm having breakfast at work. .
"low carb cauli-pizza . .
"rt user and where is user when you need him to drink all this fancy beer. .
"pancakes, scrambled eggs &amp; sausage on the saturday breakfast menu at .
"rt user user i don't eat cookies, yet i have 3 cases of cookie dough in my freezer right now???!!!!"
"who is tailgating at the marshall homecoming game today? i come with beer and good food "
"user the chicken alfredo bread bowl from dominos and a gatorade"
"*jaelynn and nick talking about good at 9:24am* jae ill just go get cereal nick i may just order a pizza"
"user bro mourinho annoyed me some scouser probably bribed him with a bacon butty"
"its not even 10 am and i want pizza... like now."
"rt user experience the pizza-making magic of chef liz valenti of wheat penny oven and bar in this hands-on class on oct 20t "
"saturdays are for sausages! the fleet is headed to the ymca at (6767 refugee rd) from 12-5p &amp; the clintonville fal .
"rt user new spinoff of pizza reviews for asseatinszn user .
"saturday's specials: philly steak sandwich with choice of fry - $5.95 (while they last!) $2.00 off any large pizza $1.00 off any sub"
"peanut butter chocolate chip cookies is my favorite"
"rt user if chickens exchanged goods and services for a fixed price it would be called chicken tenders have a great day"
"craft beer elite be like gccbs cincybeer .
"user i love hawaiian pizza!"
"donuts for breakfast "
"rt user if bread didnt exist i'd probably be at my ugw by now"
"dunkin donuts actually has the shittiest coffee of all time....but imma keep drinkin it...n pry get another one later. "
"hands down best part of ou is buying your $1 grilled cheese on your way home from the bars"
"anyone else love cheese and cake but hate cheesecake / cream cheese??? people think im weird."
"the north remembers beer soap-acne, oily skin, lines, eczema, psoriasis, dry/itchy skin @ . .
"rt user starting to figure out i go to the bar for the beer and not the friendship."
"user i like the mvr. they have good pizza."
"last night was great, good times, great people, and great pizza to .
"bob evans: what would you like? me: blueberry crepes, sausage links and banana butt bread. i hate myself"
"did you know if you call it tailgating you can drink beer at seven in the morning?"
"i accidentally ate a piece of pizza with bacon on it last night and i've been feelin shitty since i woke up"
"rt user her last ig pic got 6,583 likes. she's eating pizza rolls for breakfast. ig is all make believe. getafamily"
"brady chose busch light as his first beeri've never been more proud. they grow so fast. "
"rt user i am going to spend my friday evening at the gym instead of on my couch drinking beer and i don't even know who i am anymore."
"blue cheese in the rubber band "
"user now thats a beer"
"bacon. bacon. bacon!! coconut "bacon" that is... pumpkin donuts w maple cashew glaze w coconut .
"dude that put his venmo handle for beer money on a sign on game day is the smartest person out there"
"beer cheese dip recipe for your oktoberfest party! . via user
"check out disney frosted pilsner beer glass sportscenter espn didney 22 oz disneyparks . via user
"user user user enjoy your island time at user try june's german chocolate cake. yum! lakeerielove"
"user today corsos head may or not be filled with dolly madison cakes due to a typographical error getupitsgameday"
"foods like garlic, onion, fish, meat and cheese can cause bad breath. if you're concerned about your breath, try skipping these foods."
"rt user normal people dream of tomorrow. i dream of bacon."
"rt user corn maze date? can't we just split a 6 pack of fall beer and watch youtube videos like why do we gotta go get lost in fuc"
"eating blueberry donuts while carving pumpkins kinda day"
"rt user im a picky pizza eater. just cant eat any kind!"
"cinnamon roll waffle for $6.25 breakfast bowl (eggs, meat, homefries, covered in cheese sauce) for $6.75 delicious"
"user that one time you got those chocolate cakes from dominos "
"rt user bad day to be a beer"
"that being said, i'll hit ya up for your bday beer next week user .
"how i feel about donuts .
"international beer news daily is out! . today's stories via user craftbeer beer"
"rt user tonight i quickly ate a slice of pizza in overalls outside of depeche mode happy hour. the bouncer brought me extra napk"
"rt user user fiona have you gotten my emails? one of them includes a free pizza coupon for pizza hut it expires i "
"user guessing he wants to address sloppy play. odd man rushes galore early. bob saved our bacon last night .
"rt user get user handmade, small batch, beer-infused doughnuts before they sell out each day . https:/"
"user lets get a beer bub"
"enjoy fresh off the griddle or freeze for later! whip up this fall pancake recipe from user . spons"
"happy national dessert day! nationaldessertday includes pies, tarts, ice cream, cookies, pastries, cobblers, donut .
"benji better start hiding his cookies"
"user nothing wrong with that but if it were a date with me i'd at least have bacon or tuna in the shells and cheese!"
"chef kenny came through and made breakfast happen for us this morning! feels good to break bread .
"it's bacon cheddar scone time kittiescakes germanvillage columbus bakery bringthebacon @ .
"rt user howtrumpsolvesacrisis he consults horoscopes and fortune cookies"
"when your boyfriend has surgery 4 days ago but still insists on making a bacon and eggs breakfast that he can't eat for you and the kid. "
"but i get the same pregame meal for every game no matter what and i just don't have the appetite for bbq chicken &amp; mac n cheese at 9 am"
"rt user louisville target stores will add beer, wine and liquor to their lineup. . .
"gluten-free bread just in time for back to school! get a free little northern bakehouse loaf via user .
"rt user lets end this like now now rt for brown bread like for white bread .
"wheres the pizza review gonna be user and what time? onebite"
"rt user new story: roger bacon reaches deal with under armour! .
"spending a lot of today debating on if i want to drive to oak harbor for fried cheese"
"rt user would you rather jump into a pile of leaves or cookies? rt for , like for "
"rt user my mission since 2010 has been to ask taylor swift what her favorite kind of cheese is, &amp; i will not rest until i can ask"
"fat head's hop stalker ipa on tap now. . user beermenus"
"fun run box review - i run on beer . via user user
"rt user billy joel enjoying a beer 1974 .
"rt user chicken bacon ranch fries .
"rt user grilled cheese get in my belly food foodporn foodie .
"when do they start selling girl scout cookies "
"beer and spirits for sale at the user ! find us here at 7th and hamilton until 7! .
"feta cheese nutrition is powerful .
"i talk with my hands so much that i spilled a beer on myself."
"beer30 beverage30 - drinking a maxwell's scottish ale by user - .
"friday night pizza ftw"
"user where you goin? chuckie cheese?"
"user pep and sausage"
"i found the leaked script to the new addams family movie directed by the sausage party guy .
""it's beer o'clock" thought the middle aged man who has a dorm fridge in the bathroom serving as his kitchen."
"rt user my friend ordered an entree but said hold the bacon......i'll miss her"
"pumpkin spice beer."
"user boneshire indiecraftbeer freshhop ipa user s... (fresh hop) . photo"
"why couldnt you jus eat the pizza and leave? shits stupid .
"get $10 off wine, spirits and beer on your first user order. use code: mp043579 .
"user u: usa user los altos, ca - butcher shop, deli, fresh sausage &amp; imported foods - samples to .
"how come when i used to drink 10,000 calories worth of beer my dad told me i was trashy? .
"have you tried any irish red ales? check out what our beer columnist had to say about one he drank recently.. .
"wh grindley 6 in. bread plate set staffordshire ironstone england set of 7 grindley . via user
"bacon: yesterday, today and forever. .
"learn how to make caramel apple bread pudding with this recipe from user at .
"deschutes black butte porter on tap now. . user onlyatapps beermenus"
"user user "god is great, beer is good, and people are crazy""
"user throw a big juicy slab of pork on her tray topped with a pound of bacon and send her on her fkn wa .
"rt user guess which beer is back....space face! an american style ipa brewed with galaxy hops. evergrainbrewing "
"exit 16 dipa in a crowler--can't imagine a better beer to start your friday--manoa beverage is the place .
"rt user these vegan cheese recipes taste like the real thing .
"new beer's at the farm house restaurant!!!"
"i can't wait for my night of rom coms and pizza"
"rt user user user user - i appreciate fut is the bread-winner and most important, but you've got 49,000 really angr"
"user user tyglass in paws from his favorite trail.been ruined by people breakin beer bottles.cant go anymore.goin 4 6 years"
"rt user nfl: we get first place for being the most unliked organization this month boy scouts: hold my beer"
"lovin' the eagles! weekends are for chillin' with pvt wings and craft beer! so many delicious options. eagles .
"user haha i wouldn't even be mad. those donuts are delicious!"
"rt user user who the heck wastes fried chicken throwing it at someone? that's as bad as the college students getting "
"user yeah. can you bring beer or whiskey. thanks "
"find out all the rutter's locations that have beer caves here! . .
"rt user additional pizza. .
"rt user clothes. treat yo self. fragrances. treat yo self. boulevard beer. treat. yo. self. treatyoselfday .
"user user that's crazy! was that your first time trying that pizza?"
"surveillance cameras capture knifepoint robbery at dunkin' donuts . .
"user went from least favorite to most. esp smoked on the grill w/mesquite served with goat cheese and a fine balsamic vinegar"
"user pepperoni and sausage, from a local italian family. they take every summer off and close the shop t .
"just a few of our many helpers today.. thanks to everyone who helped out! remember, donuts will still be sold tonig .
"sweet corn, bread, puddin, vanilla, let's get it today at livemixing 530pm est right here on yt. diyejuice .
"id like to make a toast. *pulls out loaf of bread and toaster appliance, fumbling as a try to remove the twist tie*"
"user indiecraftbeer azaccalyse ipa - drinking an azaccalypse at user - . photo"
"me: what kind of problems are you having why are you in the er today patient: i don't like soda"
"user user stop selling beer at sporting events"
"i love user chicken alfredo bread bowl... i just wish they made it bigger"
"i just want to play the arcade version of bubble bobble with beer is that so much to ask?"
"rt user when they order pizza but it's not dominos .
"just tapped: pizza boy - brewery pilsner / german pilsner / 4.60 %abv user craftbeer"
"new post: chocolate tombstone snack cakes they're to die for! recipe: . .
"rt user user all you know is your wife's ketchup company. go away herman munster"
"why does wheat bread smell better toasted than white bread??"
"our department director is conducting an interview while drinking a beer"
"user honey on pizza? wtf is wrong with you"
"rt user fca meeting on monday, oct. 16 user come to the football field for some milk &amp; cookies, a fun game, and a surprise guest s"
"rt user guilt free pizza recipe check it out here . .
"young beer. got it. .
"rt user day 13: pumpkin spice pumpkin cookies .
"could have abs buttttt pumpkin beer &amp; halloween candy are priorities rn balance"
"rt user check out today's new vid! **buying a $1000 pizza** . rt ? :) .
"user user i see cheese all over it. you just got weird toppings you freak"
"rt user the pork slider with bacon, cheddar and bbq is delish! the frogtown bistro at user poconowinery "
"user user isn't "cake daddy" like a "sugar daddy," but owns a bakery? or is that like a "baby d .
"listening to o.a.r. on a user exclusive. don't not what it is, but i gotta have a beer when i listen to oar goodstuff"
"post from 3 years ago today: pumpkin gingerbread cookies recipe icancookthat archives . .
"yea the pancake block he had. i was referring to the play at the goal line when he was dragged five yards after the .
"hot and spicy fried chicken!! waynepa .
"we're proud to serve the user in the alds! new in our shareyourstak series matchup- the new york spicy sausage .
"get to the brewery this saturday! we're celebrating our 1st birthday and we have a fun day planned including beer, .
"all i want is someone to just hold me and tell me everythings going to be okay... and some mcdonalds french fries "
"user i always get the same thing lol fettuccini alfredo with shrimp and the sausage potato soup! it's to die for!!!!"
"best pizza in pittsburgh?"
"rt user woman on subway: are you weeping? me: its fine. i just remembered i have a frozen pizza i can throw in the oven toni"
"i guess im not getting a fucking pastry then. -marj"
"rt user mettaton should market some alphys-inspired soda and call it alfizz"
"user play it by beer."
"leftfield (reason &amp; doc lvly) - support real pizza"
"ore like 4.32ish. .....thanks todd! - drinking a nobody's robot @ morey's beer &amp; cheese shack - . photo"
"rt user one time my dad was arrested for smuggling a backpack filled with muenster cheese across the utah border"
"user had our pizza bonding night after our rehearsal! .
"rt user free show free beers free pizza my set is at 830pm! library collaborative grand opening 2544 library road, pit "
"if youre in philly and want some great fried chicken get to user food goodeats .
"the greatest cure to a hangover is not drinking beer in the first place. try kicking back with a coca-cola"
"user so does a cold beer.."
"6 porcelain bread plates 6.5 in. noritake china japan 5764 blue purple flower floral . via user
"user hold on what. there's a crab grilled cheese there? not even joking, you might change my mind on the enti .
"rt user breakfast in bed. bacon coffee blueberry foodie foodporn breakfast .
"weyerbacher imperial pumpkin ale on tap now. . user beermenus"
"happy friday and happy user beer thirty! beerthirty treehouse getinmybelly dillydilly .
"this gon be a quiet friday night | im gd wit that | 20 hot buffalo wings fries and pizza | im on chillz"
"rt user if you're thinking you must get to new mexico and throw a pizza on the breaking bad house, you better do it soon... .
"user to be fair: did they mean sprinkle cheese? that would be licit."
"rt user user made ketchup like henry heinz used to make and i hear it's amazing! . via user
"a beautiful fall friday evening with a good beer and some tom petty coming through the speakers. living my best life"
"bring me this wendy's daddy cakes"
"rt user when the wife says it friday lets have pizza and tots for dinner .
"come here before or aftet user at user and have a beer with franklin. .
"were custars tonight. check us out at abbeyfest from 8-10, no cover and beer specials. .
"thanks todd/bryan - drinking a yam jam by user @ morey's beer &amp; cheese shack . photo"
"user guess salmonella is on the menu...maybe i can wash it down with my iced tea...wait they gave me soda .
"nowplaying dark fastasy - the house of bread .
"rt user the latest the ladies-of-craft-beer daily! . thanks to user user user craftbee"
"golf trip dinner @ british beer company hyannis .
"i just got a large pizza, wings and breadsticks at user in 3 mins flat. i'm in love. now i'm hooked. the hype is real."
"beer with the bestest husband ever .
"should i order a pizza for my cat milo? .
"roast chocolate with hint of sweet. very approachable. even t... (caribbean chocolate cake) . photo"
"update: i am on page 3 and still am having a tough time staying motivated to finish so i ordered pizza and wings instead yeeeeeeeaaahkillme"
"user i need my case of beer and my bottle before any new bets bro"
"vegan chocolate chip walnut cookies recipe icancookthat nationalcookiemonth . .
"hey user my boyfriend is putting ranch on pizza bagels... thoughts? "
"user pizza hut isn't trash pizza though?"
"last beer of this mix a six. cape good hope by yards brewing. let me tell you something, i dont have good hope. .
"user the cheese curds were squeaky. very yummy."
"someone send me a surprise pizza and i'll love you forever"
"rt user credit cards sound fun until you're 30 and still paying off that medium pizza from your senior year of college."
"rt user subway cookies is so fire"
"air max loving cakes what lmfaooooo .
"rt user user you can run, but you can't hide! your pizza is on the way. unlimitedscreaming"
"can't wait for this pizza to get here"
"user user love lou malnatis pizza classic chicago style deep dish"
""are combos even combos if they aren't pizza combos?" - user
"who will get pizza and chill"
"rt user beardhouse photo of the day: korean fried chicken with red chile butter by kyu miami .
"user nice! i made a baked potato and chicken tenders lol. now im sitting in a daze, these meds are insane"
"arsenal cider grant's flying pumpkin on tap now. . lebosaloon beermenus"
"rt user i had another big brekkie today, even some bacon! hopefully my meds will kick in soon. thanks again for all your ki "
"*snifffffffffffffff...* im smelling some treason in the air. also, someone is cooking french fries. but mostly the .
"good amber beer. not too hoppy. - drinking a mcswagger's amber by user @ loews sapphire falls resort .
"i think amazon is sending me free pizza? unlimitedscreaming"
"user okey-dokey american broski! we all drink royal cola and eat our cheddar cheese burgers in celebration! russia .
"nicely done td! - drinking a bourbon barrel aged imperial pumpkin ale @ morey's beer &amp; cheese shack - . photo"
"life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if vegetables smelled as good as bacon."
"these donuts are .
"pizza joe's meatlovers pizza might be the best"
"rt user user nigga i didnt even see all that ketchup delete this"
"i don't understand how i moved to pa and neglect philly and their bomb ass steak&amp;cheese."
"user i remember my first beer"
"user thank you james. when it goes through, i'm buying you a pizza"
"movie night..user w/user .. almost died with the clothes in the pizza boxes. how cute are you? crushing."
"so im on a women in economic pizza crawl right now."
"**moana** moana cake i made for emilys 7th birthday! happy birthday my baby! baking moana disney cakes .
"when that flash come on yall be looking like powdered donuts "
"rt user tabasco sauce is an insult to hot sauce everywhere. no real american uses it. (except for the chipotle tabasco whic "
"rt user live in about 40 min horrorsquad fridaythe13ththegame twitchkittens teamemmmmsie grab them beers and cheers and "
"waiting for my pizza "
"i dislike spiced holiday beer but this to... (festivus with fig, cinnamon and vanilla bean) . photo"
"i'm on facebook trying to trade a beer for a ticket to owlchella"
"he blew my mind at the pizza contest. was the show great? .
"the head is thick and creamy like a latte. the beer is smooth, ri... (bourbon ba supermoon) . photo"
"user chili cheese fritos are the snack god would eat"
"evil genius adulting on tap now. . user beermenus"
"rt user when that flash come on yall be looking like powdered donuts "
"user pandering. always pandering. i will give it to him. he knows which side of his bread is buttered"
"freddy is eating a pizza in a nightmare restaurant. the toppings are the screaming faces of his past victims. "bring me more!" he demands."
"young chicken tenders .
"really nice pils! - drinking a mary by user @ morey's beer &amp; cheese shack . photo"
"i feel like that's god is punishing me for drinking soda when i know damn well all i drink is water "
"user what do i need to do to not have the pastry on bottom of a beef wellington get soggy? tried twice. failed twice."
"got my wish... pizza and hp "
"decisions decisions decisions. picking out beer after dinner was tough. user .
"this pizza is about to be love before tonight man. "
"to celebrate week 5, we will have cookies, provided by the pennsylvania bakery."
"you and your client deserve the best. i finally found that turkey breakfast sausage that's .
"donuts at irm, cupcakes user , cake user - the fertilizer industry sure knows how to celebra .
"every time timehop shows me a tweet from my chicken nuggets &amp; pizza &lt;3 phase i get a little bit closer to death"
"sweet italian sausage, peppers and white rice ugh so good"
"user reginas pizza. that is all"
"why would you not spend your friday night by eating hawaiian pizza and watching user
"anybody who votes/voted pizza is a stupid dummy, nachos 4 life! .
"beer ball champions 2017! casey... love ya kid! .
"user user haha i shoild have tried one of those while i was there. although the funnel cakes add a little something extra!"
"amazing customers buying user pizza after helping them port over and signing up for dtv! user .
"green flash soul style ipa on tap now. . user cainssaloon beermenus"
"rt user please help settle this important debate between me &amp; max. how do you eat leftover pizza:"
"looking for something different? this is a great beer from levante brewing. the earl of newlin in an 18th century... .
"recovered our chocolate cake from the caketheif user .
"i literally have no food at my place so i ordered a pizza for myself i took a nap and woke up to only two slices left bruh i could cry"
"user young grilled cheese.....yo"
"rt user benjamini: several epidemiology journals have long banned p-values. still gave us ketchup and pizza may prevent pr "
"rt user freebiefriday rt + comment pizza, jorts, or usa to win! or get them for 40% off right now through sunday!===&gt; "
"cheering on user and enjoying some free pizza in the process! gobearsgo .
"user user you can't leave me &amp; chocolate cake alone for too long... i told you"
"dog, gazing adoringly at pizza: a poem .
"user bye bye cuz we love our chops n bacon"
"my mom got pizza and scary movies to watch for friday the 13th, god bless"
"rt user if yous have seen the new video you'll know about the pizza guy who was like "i'll draw you in pizza and cheese" t "
"user heard they just bought a water bed with the bread they had saved for a couple years"
"user wow you're on a roll tonight seth. maybe time to drink beer. seriously, i look forward to your tw .
"rt user there is woman crying about someone throwing fried chicken at her through her car window. me: *rolls down window* me next"
"user i just had chicken fingers and pepperoni pizza"
"user hey glad its been 45 minutes and i still dont have a pizza when i was quoted 25 minutes"
"user user still doesn't bother me. because, beer."
"rt user artisan cheesemakers talk cheese trends, flavor inspiration .
"i liked a user video . binging with babish: fried chicken lasagna &amp; the luther burger from the boondocks"
"dank af - drinking a yakima fresh 2017 by user @ morey's beer &amp; cheese shack . photo"
"i found pizza flavor pringles so my night just got better. .
"clemson cheese finna lose to cuse"
"where's the best pizza? a classic debate. enjoy these comedians arguing their cases funny foodie .
"friday the 13th has not been good to me, i broke two nails trying to show my girls how to toss and i dropped a whole tray of cookies "
"rt user who drank all the beer???? i drank alll the beer drynn"
"user oohh i would have beer or liquor.. hmm none of you share with me "
"ketchup vs. catsup: user on the history and evolution of that most pittsburgh of foods: .
"this sunday come out and support kia's cakes bakery ! they have an .
"cringeworthy videos of girls trying to shotgun a beer are my favorite saturdaysarereallyfortheboys"
"hoagie and mac and cheese after 10 nice 2nd dinner"
"very nice! a souvenir brought back by friends from michigan. :)... (beer right meow) . photo"
"user yo that beer/shot duo though "
"new halloween ouija board to feed all the ghosts in the neighborhood imaginary ghost cookies .
"someone deliver a stuffed crust pizza to my apartment pls. or goldfish, extra cheddar. thnx."
"user user user user cigars and scotch? ok grandpa. wine and pizza is the way to go"
"user lol.... that's all i got. no beer here !"
"the beer festival is totally sold out! no tickets will be sold at the door. see everyone tomorrow."
"user add melted cheese &amp; put in oven definitely"
"the 2017 conshohocken beer festival is completely sold out. there will be no tickets available at the door."
"user pizza and streaming make the perfect pair tweet user + unlimitedscreaming + "
"user after the game, go to nicks (if they let you in). get the stromboli. mother bears pizza as a fallback. thank me later."
"i been wanting some pizza for a while now "
"rt user meat wrapped in bacon. what else do you need to know? bacon . .
"now this is a cool doughnut @ dunkin donuts .
"*rotel, pizza &amp; hot wings* .
"and some warm chocolately chocolate chip cookies .
"rt user *rotel, pizza &amp; hot wings* .
"this is what we call "trolled to the max." user sent me 50 packets of ketchup. .
"young sonic cheese tots .
"cp designs - coffee &amp; donuts - adult $25.00 . leggings charity .
"user so that's how they know where to deliver the pizza."
"user real crispy bacon plus cat head biscuits with fig preserves "
"user i miss alcohol so much i thought you were at a bar and the bottom left were beer taps"
"rt user bitches have expensive taste and beer built bank accounts "
"user same lmao i just pour acv and a lil castile soap for babies w baking soda and basically all my oils hahahah .
"last night at waffle house i ordered hash browns all the way, and my life will never be the same "
"you deserve a day of live, country music. and while you're here, you deserve a beer! .
"daily specials: sourdough, cream of potato &amp; texas 2 step soups, sausage onion mushroom quiche, 3 cheese quiche, pe .
"rt user yall know butter and margarine not the same thing right???"
"user jus for the pizza"
"chipotle bbq! house-made seitan sausage served over fresh greens, tarragon aioli and spicy .
"indian firm does carbon capture and usage, turning c02 into baking soda. .
"user user user to make people buy local or regional beer? i actually didn't drink any o .
"if youre a pancake in the greater murfreesboro area: beware"
"rt user user user what bull shit no questions about no pods and those skittle / can sausage meals , i did "
"captainslog hour 7 had my first customer issue. apparently i'm personally ruining her entire life. is it too early to have a beer?"
"but what about the cookies .
"i will get a tattoo of kevin bacon holding a lamb if lawmakers sign an agreement to not take contributions in 2018 .
"rt user good morning to everyone except those who dont like donuts"
"i wake up eating cookies "
"i find a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not i have bread."
"rt user stone enjoy by 10.31.17 on tap now. "there is no better time than right now to enjoy this beer." .
"user that's called cottage cheese"
"user pink floyd should be listened to while eating bread and drinking water because theyre so bland lmao"
"saturday-hotdogs-cold beer-college football "
"user try it on pizza."
"mom &amp; pop pizza shop in livingston, tn .
"top stories: crockett's calm, friday's scores, canned beer &amp; more from jc press - .
"laying my fat ass in the bed eating this pizza im not getting ready until 1"
"user beer festival pre &amp; after game drinkcraftbeer selections user user .
"user did you just have 20 mini pizza bagels"
"i'm craving melted cheese, pls just let me have cheese today"
"there's a retirement party at work today which means free beer. then i'm going to a wedding also = free booze. today is a good day."
"rt user pizza partythank you cashiers!!cam2017 user user user user user .
"rt user two guys just walked into this beverly hills starbucks dressed as slices of pizza. its 9:30am on saturday."
"rt user user made chinese pizza last night and it was honestly ~gourmet~ .
"rt user donuts .
"work, work, work, coffee, coffee, coffee, beer and maybe some chocolate. .
"the latest . oh my!! . thanks to user wine beer"
"rt user sotd:evil by interpol i made rosemary bread tonight, so i was reminded of one of my favorite... .
"want chocolate cake."
"set and ready! let the beer festivities begin. happy to be among all these great breweries .
"me: "can i get a fork?" cashier: "no, i don't have a fork. i have ketchup &amp; mustard." that doesn't feel like a great solution to my problem"
"user i liked his quote about how it takes 3 to 4 days to get your boat up to knoxville depending on how much beer you drink."
"change in lunch menu is pizza for a monday user .
"rt user user and medical care, and food, and beer, and tvs, and cell phones, and computers."
"beer tents. uh oh .
"literally every venmo transaction on my feed is for pizza. doing well y'all."
"rt user i cant believe the dunlap walmart didnt receive the pillsbury halloween cookies this year"
"rice cakes have no business calling themselves "cakes" at all."
"saturday special chicken philly $10 philly sandwich, with grilled onion and pepper, american cheese, served on ciabatta bread*"
"it's saturday which means wings and pizza day. gotta get my workout in first! govols gbo .
"a long day of fighting fires in the rain calls for cookies phillip_girls .
"silver plated - cake - pizza server - new - n by sandiesgiftcorner . via user shopsmall epiconetsy giftsgalore"
"user keep doing what you're doing at dino-bite snacks. that was hands down the best glass of barq's root beer i've ever had."
"if we'd known as kids that being an adult means frozen hot chocolate for dinner and pizza and fried rice for brunch .
"rt user the face you pull when bae mentions pizza fries .
"don't forget mafiaozas_franklin has 2 for 1 beer sunday all day and night! go see a.p. after .
"thoughts during a shitty football game: what causes the constant tiny bubbles in beer? anyone?"
"user i want the bowtie pasta with boar's head bacon and goat cheese!! yummy"
"ware: there's no way there could be a worse analysis than me. tuberville: hold my beer!"
"rt user a life of people pleasing is exhausting. live your life. love your life. eat your pizza. .
"rt user my excitement over user is at an all-time high. this is the best beer event in memphis imo. ilovememphis craftbe"
"rt user roberta's pizza was mentioned in hrc's email. pedogate pizzagate . .
"rt user when you get cookies from user titan nolazyhorses nissan nissantitan . .
"i liked a user video . entire costco pizza challenge"
"we are in memphis today for the cooper-young beerfest! our beer will be available in shelby county starting next mo .
"pizza rolls! with organic kalamata olives, sundried tomatoes, vegan cheese and herbs&amp;spices! .
"ever wondered which beer you should be pairing with your meals and snacks? well, wonder no more! read more &gt;... .
"user need to get rid of that bread tho"
"user best pizza in new jersey"
"user really happy for you all! keep up the good work and keep that great beer flowing! prost "
"youre not leaving are ya? because you still have that beer and i dont believe in alcohol abuse! says the server to me no, no! says i"
"user you got it all wrong bruh. he's obviously practicing to play whack-a-mole at chuck e cheese without the padded hammer."
"i dont drink soda but im drinking a sprite rn and there are lil yatchty lyrics on it"
"its like the state of alabama and state of mississippi are trying to out-hold my beer each other. .
"grilled cheese with mayo instead of butter. so good."
"mmmmmmmmmm bacon rolltide roadto17 beatarkansas"
"user add jalapeo and cream cheese- makes 'em delicious!"
""tennessee's red zone offense is awful." jimbo fisher: "hold my beer.""
"rt user omg! this pizza .
"user i havent had coffee or soda in the past 3 months"
"user i really really love that sausage pup"
"rt user anybody ready for pizza? .
"ds brown i see a lot of weed arrest making contact smelling weed does richland really try to protect pizza&amp;candy th .
"rt user help victims of the norcal wildfires by buying this special beer from russian river!! . pleas"
"rt user some people see nature, i see a beer .
"coyg - drinking a berry blonde 2017 by user @ hops and hollers craft beer store and taproom .
"jordan giving us a quick lowdown on the chocolate rye porter at cooper young beer fest!! .
"love the idea of having our pizza at your wedding, work event, etc? we offer catering! click the link below and... .
"user great food, even better beer!!"
"the beer bandits are in town"
"rt user bacon grilled cheese. .
"rt user if we ain't talkin about bread then i don't wanna speak "
"user user thanks!! have a beer for me! i'm holding off on my your de breweries until after that race "
"user no unlike you i wake up at 4:45am every morning to go to work! i actually have a job! unlike u government cheese eating rat !"
"decisions are make easier beer or wine...easy choice... . wine vino beers yeast cheers .
"rt user bel air cake wars is on in honor of natl cake decorating day! who will win?? cakes will be donated to shelters! "
"rt user yoda: do, or do not; there is no try me: did you say "donut?" yoda: no me: so, are there donuts? you know what, i'll ju"
"rt user my favourite things i describe as moist are his divine chocolate cake he makes me &amp; my vagina when he licks it. both to"
"user just did this the other day to be "healthy". catch was i got a pastry as well"
"these cookies never survive in our house 24ct lofthouse .
"only thing im missing is a beer lol"
"rt user i like to keep my circle small. about 12 inches small. then i cover it with sauce, cheese, and pepperoni. you get your"
"go buy cookies and mention zeta!! cfa on north street wearezta wearepanhellenic user user .
"user we not gonna talk about how much ketchup they wasted?"
"user user looks like user before she cakes on her makeup."
"rt user gm! join my email list before 5:30pm est &amp; be entered to win a $10 gift card to starbucks, dunkin donuts, &amp; more! "
"if yo taco using yellow cheese, then it's quiet... but if yo taco using white cheese, then i'ma like... eat it..."
"rt user sometimes i forget that there are people who still drink soda"
"rt user if homegirl comes thru w bacon and eggs, its quiet...but if she comes thru with the like chorizo con huevos, homegirl is gonna l"
"these 6th graders found an investor for their pizza company! user .
"rt user i was the ocean washed up here i'm your emotion i'm your fresh beer - the visitor .
"rt user my spanish mom made cookies and i was bored so i made a mini documentary about her behind her back. .
"rt user me and my girl user indulging in pumpkinspice user donuts yummy fallflavors gogetyousome https:/"
"tomrorrow! coog crew will be watching at pink's pizza! join us at 2pm! gocoogs beattulsa .
"user user she's not a commie but hating bread pudding is close!"
"celebrate national chicken fried steak day (10/26) at razzoos cajun caf with $7.99 steak . .
"ff user for a delightful treat, no tricks. only delicious roses made of bacon. yum fun .
"i really think i scared everybody at shsu in 2k and madden dont nobody play me for bread no more"
"rt user why do people ask "how was class?" like class was class. id rather be wasted on a beach eating pizza, but here i am."
"rt user we're getting a 'bacon the law' burger from user at user tomorrow at laid back! great music &amp; "
"boo don't be scared to open your door, it's just doubledaves delivery! jason did help us cut your pizza though. .
"surviveahorrormoviein5words stay home and eat pizza."
"user he threw the beer before he finished it."
"little debbie donuts only $0.99 at kroger *b4s4* . .
"j&amp;b sausage company, inc. recalls fully cooked shredded beef products .
"rt user go buy cookies and mention zeta!! cfa on north street wearezta wearepanhellenic user user "
"rt user fox news: record number of children missing from washington d.c. - pizza... . via user
"i need a beer"
"og cookies and pussy niggas cause i do both"
"user ha ha, i've seen dads at chuck e. cheese in that situation about to lose their shit."
"rt user 8.) let me guess pizza .
"today his class is getting a pizza party courtesy of his moms, lol i guess maria can be cool too "
"bar 301 more from the family behind fralo's pizza .
"redrivershowdown this weekend! here's a list of the best beer spots at user from user .
"user user cause bacon is good at any time of day xave."
"how to make the best chocolate chip cookies, according to 5 expert bakers .
"who's up for a 6-course beer dinner in pflugerville this thursday? the theme is "gourmet game day" with pairings from user
"sounds like something burger king would sell .
"happy friday the 13th! fridaythe13th sanantonio cookies .
"finally found a vegan bacon i like."
"user user the sp00ky donuts! "
"rt user soda in a cup phobia .
"rt user me &amp; user get to da money &amp; break bread wit eachother "
"user needa drink a beer soon!"
"ugh now i want chicken tenders lol .
" hollyywood1962: that1kidkiba: little gaymer booty action enjoy these candid cakes ruff i can... .
"the new mutants . juntz retro soda usagi knowlezz. we trending."
"dont blanche over bread winners .
"user i think you forgot the egg, chicken, and cheese on this... .
"rt user these subway cookies was too fucking good fatboygang .
"rt user football all day? who needs football when you can have sex, eat steak and drink beer instead!"
"love the cookies from teddyvcookies ! cookieparty happyfriday .
"i am definitely going to try this! easy &amp; healthy homemade root beer recipe . .
"along came a spidery chocolate cake: it will ensnare you! . halloweencakes recipe chocolate .
"rt user chicken fried chicken for user at dallas craft company in colleyville. .
"cheesy bread pudding baked in a pumpkin-a fun and unique way to serve cheesy bread pudding . .
"rt user moist ok now that the girls aren't reading... sup fellas it's friday who wants grab a damn beer??"
"user hosting us at 8pm in the ballroom saturday at user who else is smelling free user pizza .
"if i identify as a toaster because i like bread is it ok to stick my finger in an electrical outlet? "
"rt user are they pure bread .
"we've spent more money on beer/liquor than we have on food .
"rt user free alert want to know what's better than free parking and the free metro ride? free hot dog and soda! all av "
"only if you actually bought him a beer in exchange for that poorly-rolled joint. .
"lmao i was so sad that i didn't place at my last show. i stayed in bed and ate this whole box of cookies .
"rt user make halloween cookies and watch scary movies .
"co workers think cause its payday we going to lunch. nah nigga i got pizza at the crib"
"my daily bread . .
"i just wanna sit &amp; drink beer or whiskey with him. .
"tfw all i want to eat is french fries &amp; chips.... body why"
"user well they're missing out because them cookies are good af"
"bite into mulays paleofriendly glutenfree sausage today at user in littleton from 12-4pm."
"rt user first time streaming together! this is something you do not want to miss! bring the beer, we'll bring the wine! joi "
"user this morning was amazing the bacon &amp; egg tacos smacked"
"i be getting taste for soda, take two sips and be finished. it was a time id drink a 2 liter a day"
"date a girl who's cute asf but can also eat a whole pizza by herself"
"it's cookie friday at sterling northgate! you know you want some cookies, come down and get them! we hope everyone .
"time to recover battsportsroadie @ satchel's pizza .
"you ready for some festival fun? join us tonight for live music and crazy beer and all day tomorrow! .
"todays special is our sausage sandwich, mild or jalapeo, with chips and a drink for $8.95! .
"just wanna sit in a bubble bath, eat girl scout cookies, and drink wine for the rest of the month"
"user im so hyped bud i wanna make some halloween cookies and shit"
"if you like to be cheesey that is okay with me, but i do not like cheese. so we can not work out together. :) ."
"user pizza and beer. done. oh, muscle... yeah, totally different strategy."
"rt user look here bitches, we know canes chicken aint shit. thats not why we go there. the bread &amp; sauce worth dealing with that"
"filling my 4thingstote with fresh pimpinjoy bread! order your tote user or user to support our m .
"rt user herman talks ou prep, injury updates, and sam bringing donuts, by user . (free) .
"tag a friend you'd like to have a beer with at our place! .
"user cornerstone or wedge wood. know you're a cheese guy but the greens pizzas at both are unreal"
"oh but sis. there is no limit to how much sweet bread one can eat at once. in fact, just eat it all. all of the swe .
"put that mf beer down we here now! listen to intoxicated feat. jt, the hippy by cochi$e np on soundcloud .
"rt user best pizza ever!!! utrgvdining utrgvdining sliceoflife sodexo utrgvmadness utrgv user .
"rt user i really want something exciting right now - like french fries"
"rt user after the big game and dance, stop by tc! grab our $10 bean &amp; cheese dozen taco box from 4pm-midnight. "
"who is getting up at 6 am to chug a beer? me! whyy? united!!! manutd"
"9: ultimate snack care package, variety assortment of chips, cookies, crackers . mostgifted"
"rt user instead of bread, this breakfast sandwich is made with scallion pancakes .
"rt user ion do shit i just do donuts in da i8 all day "
"is there anything better than a soft cookie and a hot cup of tea? i think not! . .
"friday fun fact: chef auden's bread was the beginning of an evolution for biga on the banks. come in &amp; get a taste .
"krispy kremes friday the 13th deal: get 2 dozen donuts for just $13 .
"is beer edging out mimosas at the brunch table? .
"ready to user lisbon halfmarathon running more beer more carbs lol @ lisbon, portugal .
"rt user if you're in the atlanta area, come have a beer with me thursday night at user details here: .
"randy k. is drinking a sittin' sidehaze at nobi public house beer (3.5/5 stars) .
"rt user cookies like bubbles contain magical properties and can alter the trajectory of most interactions"
"user user user user haha -- that's why beer before noon is never a bad .
"salad tastes pretty good once you add some pizza and get rid of the salad"
"rt user india pale ale is a hoppy type of beer. ipa is acceptable on second reference. read about a hops surplus this year: "
"get off my bread *no context needed*"
"craving some pizza :~("
"what's your favorite: reubens? bratwurst? beer? you don't have to choose at san antonio's oktoberfest! join us: .
"i would thrive working at brewery and probably get the sexiest beer gut known to man"
"rt user our check hit a day early , so we played cod, ate donuts and balled out :user : me .
"i just earned the 'beer foodie (level 5)' badge on user .
"airmax. loving. cakes. .
"rt user cheesy bites pizza. .
"user yung bacon egg and cheese biscuit"
"user pizza every meal of the day and if you order enough you can have it as a snack to"
"now playing blue cheese (clean) by 2 chainz ft migos to tune in visit .
"user you bought me cookies? thats all i got from that sentence"
"user user omg he at first never stops drinking his beer! then gives her the nachos she wanted i gue .
"some of y'all think y'all live when yo followers go up, if u ain't gone use that to put no bread in yo pocket u just like errbody else "
"rt user you can be anything you want this night , *free drinks,free food, free dab cakes and free dutches .
"mama needs a cold piece of pizza."
"rt user nutella-stuffed chocolate chip cookies .
"user a punny cheese? you must be in a grate mood now."
"rt user idk - pizza shop ft. yung gleesh, doom &amp; del the funky homosaphien .
"without they sauce and bread they nun unseasoned ass chicken .
"rt user new video! i share my story about mental health, black holes and pizza. . - daniel and depression"
".user dropped by user station 4 to drop donuts &amp; say thanks for keeping austin safe. thanks, guys! .
"mf i need a beer"
"rt user don't tell a texan not to do somethin. we'll tell ya to hold our beer and do it anyway."
"s/o dat nigga user he broke bread wit me so bitch gtf out this whip if he can't hit it!"
"it's friday the 13th sa!! come in today for some delicious drinks and ice cold $2 beer during our 3 to 7 happyhour. .
"user hahaha, 100%...actually dunkin donuts since there is one on the way to the gym."
"user banana bread time!"
"rt user jrotc is selling pizza today by the i building during all lunches. $1 per slice &amp; $1 per drink. come support jrotc! https"
"we make it how you order it! hand breaded and deep fried to perfection, golden delicious fried chicken! on a... .
"rt user calling next in beer pong .
"rt user most people dont realize it but botanically speaking, yes, pizza is a fruit .
"rt user user lexa likes french fries but i don't recommend them from there. they have a bomb ass buffalo chicken potat"
"user user did anyone ever bring you some french fries?"
"rt user come watch game tonight cold beer &amp; hot food game 1, today, 7:08 pm new york yankees @ houston astros"
"rt user im just tryna go to a pumpkin patch &amp; carve some and make some spooky cookies &amp; watch some halloween movies but yall"
"rt user ever wanted a neon from our bar? we're giving away a neon sign plus free beer &amp; merch when we hit 3k followers! follo"
"come home to a super hearty and delicious one pot meal with this slow cooker italian sausage .
"user na, my neighbor hasn't invited herself over for pizza and a movie yet."
"making bacon, eggs &amp; toast for me and my lil man "
"rt user regardless my age, i will always eat pizza lunchables."
"after all that i need a beer"
"new beer coming to texas!! label approvals for 10/5 -10/11. newbeer houston brewery . .
"i love how coors light's advertising campaign is all about how cold the beer is rather than taste or quality of anything"
"i finally stopped stuffing my face and gave the rest of the cookies to my neighbor's kids."
"kevin, chris, john, john, stephen, cuban roll, funnel cake, magnolia beer gardens thank you .
"user i tried making your dig dug cookies and i think they came out great! .
"rt user we need to be asking the real questions, like when user is going to start serving beer"
"mama bear, cubs break into pizza shop .
"don't leave campus for lunch. stop by pie five and get your own personal pizza! .
"rt user don't leave campus for lunch. stop by pie five and get your own personal pizza! .
"rt user craving some pizza :~("
"don't pizza him off kappa"
"rt user user you have no idea how deep the rabbit hole goes remember the 65000 hotdog party. hot dog is code fo "
"rt user pls rt and help us spread the word about tyler and his mission to give donuts to every cop in the country, he will "
"guess who just made oreo cookies and cream pudding? "
"i for one will not sit back while the men get to talk/tweet about their fantasy teams and sub sandwiches on white bread. womenboycottwitter"
"new! vegan cream cheese alfredo! oh yes, it's as good as it sounds. . .
"rt user can yall stop making it seem like carving pumpkins, decorating cookies or anything holiday related can only be done with"
"i think it's about time we develop ketchup bottles that don't make farting noises"
"makinging the bread dribbling money"
"rt user mark your calendars! our chipotle give back night is wed oct 11 from 5-9. show this flyer and belles will receive 5 "
"user i havent been to kfc in so long damn"
"im craving chick-fil-a soooo bad "
"dunkin' donuts?? what white person tweeted this from your account .
"rt user user what is next is me bringing u chick-fil-a rn"
"rt user user user bring me chick-fil-a too plz"
"rt user go treat yourself friday and support a great cause by buying cookies @ chick-fil-a in nac!! sfazta .
"thank you ms. quinones &amp; our ekis volunteers for making us these large posters for our chipotle event to hang aroun .
"rt user do you think the kfc in heaven will have a bigger menu? (ep 300)"
"rt user live by the 5 cs and youll be alright: 1. christ 2. coffee 3. chick-fil-a 4. chipotle 5. canes"
"rt user honored to be the owner/operator of chick-fil-a red oak projected to open in april 2017! blessed#faith .
"rt user chick-fil-a service is unmatched .
"rip to pizza nights with the old roomy .
"chick-fil-a is giving free meals to military members from 5-8 today, life is good"
"signed up for cycle class tonight, class got cancelled, to chick-fil-a i go"
"user what i say to myself in disappointment when i drive to chick-fil-a on a sunday forgetting it's closed "
"i still don't understand this hand drawn sign at a mcdonalds in odaiba. .
"it went down in that mcdonalds drive thru... and i was loving it!"
"come support 1520 this thursday by mentioning our name at chipotle! .
"rt user i hope mcdonalds employees stole all the szechuan sauce and are ebaying it for what they make in two weeks at work"
"chipotle for dinner!!! .
"step 1: don't be a little bitch and go for the triple cheeseburger .
"user user jack in the box offers that"
"rt user nigga lining look like the pizza hut logo .
"user well when i get them at chipotle i just kind of rip pieces off and eat them "
"enjoying mcteacher night at mcdonalds. user user .
"rt user "promoted by burger king" man i love 2017 twitter. .
"girlfriend: i wonder if hes thinking about another girl? me: i wonder how many burger king nuggets itll take to fill a hot tub?"
"rt user finally had in-n-out burger, doesn't have shit on whataburger not bad but not as amazing as people said it was"
"dead promoted by burger king they so petty .
"i've gotten a large coffee everyday at jack in the box just so this cashier can ask for my number and it hasn't happened yet "
"some dude in my class just gave me 7 jack in the box tacos, we're friends now i think"
"rt user bae: why tf pizza hut keep texting you me: .
"psa tarleton: undercover cop off washington right before mcdonalds fuckin dont speed or do anything stupid"
"user i'm not so much worried about their bad take on shipley as i am about their praise for krispy kreme b .
"user when they start saying mcdonalds is better than whataburger, i'm out."
"user krispy kreme sucks"
"rt user dont check my social media for life updates. might tweet niggas aint shit and'll be referring to the mcdonalds worker tha"
"user watch "texans try chipotle queso" on yt"
"rt user that's because i can get 10 chicken nuggets at burger king for $1 and a salad cost me $10 .
"burger king really petty asf for promoting this lmao .
"what the hell is wrong with texans players man.. these dudes saying krispy kreme &gt; shipley and another who doesn't believe in dinosaurs"
"rt user i literally don't trust a soul that likes krispy kreme over shipleys. .
"user kfc barstool earned a follow. that dude is cold...."
"men: "i'll never understand what woman want" me: "i want loyalty, quality time, a puppy and chipotle" me: "a mystery never to be solved""
"user dont think user will appreciate the porg - kfc tie-in much. they look kinda chic-fil-a sized? burger king porg nuggets?"
"rt user thats fine because *shipley* is better than krispy kreme .
"rt user really only want 7 million dollars and a chipotle bowl , honestly ..... .
"all the halloween delights are here! (@ dunkin' donuts/baskin-robbins in euless, tx) . .
"user oh and krispy kreme donuts are trash. would rather eat a dunkin donut."
"user user fuck a krispy kreme donut!!! they can take their donuts back up north!!!"
"i stole these flowers from a jack in the box drive-thru. .
"rt user mcdonalds sprite will wake up a dead person .
"i didnt know baskin robins was still open"
"rt user knights, tonight is our spirit night @ chipotle! grab dinner there &amp; tell the checkout person that you're there for elki"
"user got me craving chipotle every time i watch his story"
"free halloween doughnut at krispy kreme on 10/11 for when you download their app via /r/freebies .
"rt user this kind of pizza .
"user sounds like the amount of corns i get at chipotle"
"i love houston and everything about our culture...... but krispy kreme is absolutely better than shipley's. it's not even close."
"rt user shawty dumped her au bon pain mac &amp; cheese on him .
" yasss it's time for liveme's show krystal : . .
"yes, thats a burger patty between two krispy kreme donuts. and yes, i did hate myself after .
"creating a robotic (haunted) jack in the box for halloween . futuretech"
"i wish dominos let you order 3 slices of pizza and thats it ion be tryna have to pay $16 smh"
"i have a serious addiction to chipotle."
"user mcdonalds on university!!"
"i liked a user video . caillou hijacks the car/crashes into mcdonalds/grounded"
"rt user girls talking bout "mcdonalds unhealthy" bitch so is yo relationship mcstupid ass "
"the one time my mom gets panera bread i can't taste it bc i'm sick "
"the fact that burger king promoted this tweet .
"couldnt decide which pastry to get... starbucks"
"jack in the box always hit's the spot "
"replace chipotle with caleb .
"donuts are not very good. way better breakfasts. even way better sugary breakfast pastries .
"if you go to jack in the box and don't get curly fries you actual trash"
"rt user user user sell me on why i should give this sandwich a shot jack in the box?"
"rt user replace chipotle with caleb .
"if he only wants your breast, legs, and thighs..... send him to kfc- drake "
"rt user pre-saling krispy kreme donuts at lunch. pick up on 10/12 before 3rd. $5 for half a dozen"
"i checked in at chick-fil-a on yelp .
"user nice going krystal "
"user user right? lemme know what little caesars this guy is hitting"
"i slept on chipotle until today"
"y'all why did burger king promote this .
"user burger king is like top 3 best fast food burger smh"
"the more colors a meal has, the more nutrients it's packing! we've got our eye on this chipotle steak bowl recipe: .
"papa johns is bottom of the totem pole pizza"
"congratulations to our chick-fil-a players of the week for heights high school! offensive player: 3 jalen... .
"not to brag, but my town just got a dunkin' donuts!!"
"user heck, lobster's so common in maine, they serve it at mcdonalds."
"rt user kylo ren is a white dudebro who stans rick and morty and only killed han because han wouldnt take him to mcdonalds to get sz"
"so today my sister and i went to get canes for my dad and when we were on our way home we saw him so we decided to stop at jack in the box"
"and we got the homeless guy a meal from jack in the box cause we didnt know if he had eaten"
"user jimmy johns?"
"what is this, mcdonalds for ants? .
"just when i start to have faith in the user again they stab me in the heart with these krispy kreme truthers."
"i moved to a different city yesterday but i already found their chipotle so everything is going to be okay .
"i almost called the mcdonalds i went to an told them their food or drink made me sick"
"rt user pizza hut's new delivery pouches use the same materials used in ski jackets and astronaut space blankets .
"rt user get to a local mcdonalds for a taste of szechuan sauce, today only.. this is not a drill. .
"i'm here at checkers eating a delicious chili dog"
"do you want free chick-fil-a for a year? of course you do! enter our first freeze contest for a chance to win. .
"i'm so hungry! i can't wait to go to chipotle in a minute. i chipotle! why do you think user spirit ni .
"rt user kylo ren is the perfect villain for our times: a tantrum throwing, know-it-all standing outside mcdonalds screaming for szechu"
".user promoting this random tweet might just begin the wendys twitter vs. burger king twitter feud ive alw .
"rt user will mcdonalds please hire this nigga .
"rt user i think we all should send in droves some baby rattles , jack in the box, etch a sketches to wh to keep trump entertai"
"in the fast food world, chick-fil-a is like that handsome genius friend you'll never catch up with. the ladies, teachers &amp; parents favor him"
"get you a boyfriend who buys you chipotle and then hides it in a place you cant reach "
"rt user krispy kreme &gt; shipleys"
"i told josh id buy chipotle, if he cleaned the dog kennel."
"user he should have played it safe and brought kfc. maybe sweet potatoe pie if he needed something sweet. enj .
"does dairy queen count as a ice cream shop ?"
"rt user this is how it feels to drink mcdonalds sprite .
"rick and morty is great. the online fandom, and the idiots lining up at mcdonalds for fucking sauce isnt great."
"need to call the 2nd number for braydens chick-fil-a addiction. user .
"i want a cherry cheesecake blizzard from dairy queen !!"
"someone gift me a pizza hut egift card. thx friends .
"love user like us? text code sds to 37793 and you'll get two free krystals and a coke."
""i'd rather have kfc" - user not going to say compared to what but you can go ahead and guess smh"
"me: planning vacations and a new wardrobe. also me: finds $10 and goes to chick-fil-a"
"rt user i have a serious addiction to chipotle."
"dear anyone whos ever worked at chipotle: i have a burning question. at the end of the night, are u allowed to take home a bowl of leftovers"
"rt user keep enough kfc around so he goes for the chicken instead? .
"user damn! lol oh well! it looks soooo good!!! i couldnt drive saturday so we ordered pizza hut "
"rt user chick-fil-a calf at nno! .
"rt user rick and morty fans are behind the times; bojack horseman fans have been lining up at mcdonalds to get depression for ye"
"homeless man sobs in burger king but doesn't know his photo is on facebook . .
"dove &amp;; chick-fil-a just gon have to call me nigger to my face"
"i always make a mess eating chipotle"
"krispy kreme donuts are harder than your first name .
"user no one wants chicken tenders we want spicy nuggets back"
"rt user krispy kreme donuts are harder than your first name .
"got high and experimented, fried chicken patties, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, sauted onions and chipotle r .
"you really need help if you have a mom and pop pizza spot near you and you order pizza hut or dominos."
"subway is ridiculous...i just want a pizza"
"*gets free meal* i pull up at chick-fil-a doors off, top down, drive thru girl sees me, pantys drop, looks at me &amp; boom free meal -brotha"
"today i've concluded i don't like chipotle"
"rt user *gets free meal* i pull up at chick-fil-a doors off, top down, drive thru girl sees me, pantys drop, looks at me &amp; boom f"
"lmao im trying to get high with my niggas and eat some little caesars pizza again "
"user what about rick and morty fans in mcdonalds just there for some sauce?"
"rt user me when chipotle employee barely puts meat in my bowl &amp; still charge me when i nicely tell them to add a bit more o "
"all of my problems could be solved with a pan pepperoni pizza from pizza hut, a bottle of sprite and carlos coming over and cuddling w me"
"rt user got high and experimented, fried chicken patties, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, sauted onions and chipotle r "
"rt user chick-fil-a customer service is undefeated .
"rt user ok but where's the chick-fil-a one at?! .
"user yes it is! wish we could get you some great queso up there to y'all, but at least you do have queso. good for chipotle!"
"user krispy kreme is trash ...and my location is turned on "
"pizza hut is the best pizza place mmm"
"pizza hut in ruidoso new mexico and a few cold bud lights"
"rt user mcdonalds employees have heard pickle rick, schwifty, and wub a lub a dub dub 300 times today, they deserve $15.00/hr"
"rt user how mcdonalds fries are made .
"rt user kfc ain't fucking around .
"yall the group of people whos gonna be strugglin to pay for a $2,000 car while yall workin at mcdonalds in yalls mid 20s"
"chick-fil-a spirit night thank you for supporting phs class of 2020 lobonation .
"rt user chick-fil-a spirit night thank you for supporting phs class of 2020 lobonation .
"rt user dove &amp;; chick-fil-a just gon have to call me nigger to my face"
"user pizza hut"
"we had an awesome turnout at our 1st spirit night of the year at dairy queen. thank you parents, students, &amp; staff. .
"like chipotle? wanna help a brother out? go to the chipotle in greenville this friday! show them this flyer or ment .
"just met a fellow clash royale player at jack in the box, my life is complete"
"this tweet is seriously promoted by burger king im crying .
"user trade this man!!!! krispy kreme will never be better than shipleys!!!"
"shipleys&gt;randys&gt;&gt;&gt;krispy kreme"
"rt user chick-fil-a .
"rt user user thats not the purpose of a minim wage job! working at mcdonalds isnt suppose to be a career."
"subway got the best cookies"
"user user taco bell or mcdonalds"
"rt user which type of pizza is better? pepperoni or just straight up cheese? rt for pepperoni like for cheese .
"burger king is promoting this im deadddddddedd .
"wwe 2k18 to feature kfc's colonel sanders as a playable character im dooooone lmao .
"user user okay look we are all alive and well and we got mcdonalds too so its all good"
"aaaaand pizza hut goes crazy as honduras goes up 3-2 against mexico with a goal from quioto! usmnt currently in fourth"
"rt user play chess not checkers .
"rt user for as many people who say they don't/stopped eating mcdonalds long time ago, their shit damn sho be booming all 24 hour"
"love domino's! and i always love a deal on pizza. user . scoredominospizza"
"rt user i love this - burger king doing sponsored tweets of people complaining about wendy's .
"be very cautious of people who eat mcdonalds, if they don't care about themselves, i promise they don't care about you."
"beggars can't be choosers bitch this ain't chipotle"
"was super excited to eat my subway sandwich and opened it and saw that the guy gave me italian bread instead of italian herbs and cheese "
"rt user me at mcdonalds when my card declines after trying to buy a mcchicken .
"rt user somebody open a fast food place that has everything on the menu from whataburger, taco bell, chick-fil-a, and canes bc i"
"user thank you krystal "
"replace chipotle with ctacos and canes with cwhataburger .
"user i found a hair in my chipotle .
"user user the big question is did you take the cheese to whataburger or did you bring the burger home?"
"rt user kfc's colonel sanders is in wwe 2k18...this is not a joke . .
"rt user you aint never experienced the hot sign being on then...them hot off the presses krispy kremes like day 1 manna i "
"ion even eat mcdonalds like that but i had to try this sauce people dying over lmao .
"can this chipotle bowl fill the hole inside my spirit? find out next time on dragon ball z."
"rt user fuzzys is better than torchys and qdoba is better than chipotle. i only speak in facts"
"i don't mean to brag, but when it comes to identifying the actors who play colonel sanders in the kfc ads, i'm easily over 75%."
"colonel sanders in these kfc commercials always looked like a slave master to me"
"user over there by that mcdonalds and taco bell earlier we almost hit cars i was tryna roll my window d .
"rt user live on periscope: me and user driving to a nearby mcdonalds to pick up some szechuansauce they had left "
"rt user i hope everyone have a good day expect the person who closed down all the jack in the boxs in lubbock"
"rt user chipotles queso was terrible "
"free krispy kreme halloween doughnut . via user
"rt user when you just chilling and your girl questioning you why pizza hut is texting you "miss the sausage meat" .
"i asked this bitch for onions at chipotle seeing they were out &amp; i was willing to wait for it, but she said nothing &amp; gave me nothing"
"rt user cops are at wellington mcdonalds where tons of angry people lined up for hrs for rick and morty szechuan sauce only "
"user also, the playdough donuts my kids make are better than krispy kreme"
"lmao luke named ross owning wing stops and checkers. thats cute. "
"i'm out here trynna get mala luna ready but all i can think about is chick-fil-a :((("
"omg everything about jack in the box is so obnoxious. obnoxious sizing, enclosed drive thrus, &amp; they're all in someone else's parking lot."
"we had 5 dollar med papa johns pizza here today .
"bruh.. the closest checkers to me is in houston "
"rt user y'all reallly out here eatin kfc huh "
"why is dairy queen always sooooooo slow?"
"jackinthebox @ jack in the box .
"texans try the new chipotle queso!! awesome stuff (the video, not this particular queso.) .
"user user this is fakenews. i grew up on dunkin' donuts in new england, as did my wife. we bot .
"rt user mcdonalds fries don't taste how they used to when i was young"
"rt user dearborn: judge tosses muslim's (frivolous) $100m lawsuit against little caesars . via user
"rt user i dont like chipotle. .
"come get chipotle tomorrow and mention the ole miss equestrian team!!!! .
"user how dare you sir, krispy kreme is boo boo! shipley's1 # .
"i hate it when im on the treadmill and accidentally hit the stop button and go to chipotle and eat a burrito. oops user
"me when they tell me quac is extra at chipotle. user user .
"dominoes &gt; papa johns &gt; pizza hut .
"i have to eat chipotle once a week"
"honestly user was extra stingy with the spicy ketchup i asked like 4 times and only got 1 "
"rt user a woman converting to islam is like a chicken converting to kfc .
"user agree. tump continues to play chess, while everyone else plays checkers."
"rt user [mcdonalds drive thru] one mcgiving up please"
"rt user jimmy johns has a sense of humor i see .
"rt user i could go for wings, chipotle, sweet tea and tutti-frutti but you know skinny girls"
"yeah, i like a lil weight to my donuts .
"rt user target is not a date, mcdonalds is not a date, parked car conversations is not a date.dont play with me ok? twitter is get"
"whataburger spicy ketchup is the best dipping sauce known to man"
"my first time trying pasta from pizza hut &amp; it wasn't what i expected. it was alright."
"user user true. not discounting that. im just saying, the mcdonalds drive thru worker isnt e .
"callmejoannethescammer i asked for a large queso at chipotle but they charged me for a regular"
"rt user i want chick-fil-a but i think caity and anna are dead"
"i order so many pizzas to the lib that i had to set up a pizza profile .
"user someone called him out for getting mad that mcdonalds used r&amp;m to sell a sauce when he cribbed his .
""may i have a cheese steak in a wrap" - nick alvaro smfh"
"i hate when guys call me "babe" or "sweetie", but this waitress just said "you want another root beer, baby girl?", and i love her now."
"rt user i never do nothing right for you kids. don't give yinz enough allowance, your curfew is unfair, i buy cookies from big"
"user when he killed the railroad worker who placed his beer on the tracks the werewolf drank his beer! and sang the song!"
"user are donut holes the stuff from the middle of the donuts? "
"user lil pizza"
"low key wanted to beat the pizza delivery mans old ass "
"rt user the user new best buddy! i gave him the gameball the dude never gave up! his hat was the top of a beer "
"rt user 1-year-old: *reaches for my beer on the coffee table* me: fight me."
"literally about to go buy a piece of chocolate cake &amp; milk with no regrets bc grading 150 tests is no joke and i'm crying "
"when the lady you hunt for says sorry you didnt get a deer but i baked you a loaf of bread"
"so i didn't find any water but i found more beer "
""cheese and pizza do not go together" - my mom"
"pizza and hocus pocus with these 2 beautiful ladies!! girlsnight .
"crystal snuffer is making fried chicken, in livin"
"rt user rolling rock is such an underrated beer"
"stopped on frat row and donated at least a 30 rack of beer to kappasigma because this sigma alum understands the struggle gotyouboys"
"rt user cool ranch doritos are better than nacho cheese. "
"cheese curds disturb me"
"user user a drop in the cup, assholes! fasting patients who think a lb of bacon is ok before .
"just had a 5 year old call me a "dumbfuck" while delivering pizza to his house. great parenting right there."
"what to have for supper tonight - spaghetti or cheese quesadilla with nachos??"
"you know you're old when you suggest going out for ice cream instead of beer"
"rt user when the pizza rolls are done (via user .
"rt user birthdays come and go, but pizza is forever! -user .
"rt user wvu: our special teams are awful. texas tech: hold my beer."
"user anything with beer is better."
"rt user i'll be thick for life. i've accepted it. i like fried food and beer too much "
"with that garlic bread .
"dusk to dawn chiller movies at the drive-in! so excited for classic black &amp; white horror movies! hope we make it to free donuts at dawn."
"user wvu lotsa probably just lost my business with this $30 delivery minimum on user when one pizza is less than $10."
"i hate getting to the point where i'm out of beer but i'm not sober enough to go get more"
"wvu is the official cfb team of youtube vine stars, when will we be getting 5 star recruits who love tfw ur mom forgets the pizza rolls"
"my dinner is cheese slices and pepperoni because mom didn't go shopping"
"austin's taking me bdubs because i want cheese curds "
"rt user october 15, 2017 national i love lucy day national cheese curd day national pregnancy . ht"
"if beer and cookies dont solve your problems, you obviously arent drinking or eating enough."
"wine gift set - wine and cheese - wine cork - executive gift - barware - cutting board - cheese board - .
"beer of the night - drinking a fall american sour blend @ ardent craft ales brewery - . photo"
"user user user a soda lifepepsi coke dr. pepper, which is it .
"rt user we need to have a national conversation about hot nacho cheese. .
"user she can use that tooth to open beer cans. cool trick. "
"if i have a few people over tonight for beer pong, who would show up? "
"user . but i double the cream cheese and the greek yogurt"
"i started to put sour cream on my bagel instead of cream cheese so it's time for me to go to bed"
"happy dessertday!! cheesecake, ice cream, pumpkin pie, and maybe even a few donuts sound pretty good right now. "
"user if you win tomorrow i'll buy you a burrito and a beer!"
"beer"
"the best thing since sliced bread: with my strong love for greek life and inspiration, i must .
""wanna go out for cheeseburgers and beer?""
"want to bake cookies but ill prob fall asleep in the process so thats a no go"
"rt user enjoying breakfast after a successful pancake breakfast fundraiser! ladydogs nobulljustdogs user .
"rt user buckeye brownie cookies .
"today started with sloan krumping with a fat piece of bread and it should have stopped there honestly"
"enjoying my first time at the peddler. beer food oldschool videogames pinball huntingtonwv .
"rt user going to user for some dogs and root beer. .
"user user waiting on this pizza like.... .
"cheesy smoked sausage soup recipeeasy to make &amp; so good! owsentry - . .
"rt user mountaineer victory cold beer warm fire mountaineernation"
"rt user when you drop a hot dog or french fries at a ball game you feel like you've defaulted on a loan arizona beardown"
"rt user him: whats that mouth do? me: eats a large pizza in one sitting"
"today i slept in until 2 and then had cookies for lunch"
"rt user good night guys!!! &amp; don't forget.... when all else fails.... eat cookies &amp; cream ice cream love ya!"
"rt user my prediction for the rest of the season.... in cookies. .
"me at fruth: "hi, how are you" every man over 30 buying beer: "here is my racist opinion on the nfl protests""
"the only time i tried them i threw away the pizza and ate the box. the pizza was slimey greasy and smelled rotten. .
"user user hey i'll take it. who doesn't like sausage?"
"miller lite is my new favorite beer "
"beer to the face time"
"user im going to kill cheese puff if she attacks my foot again in the dark"
"why did u chase ur beer with water? noooo i chased my vodka with beer .
"user user and i'm sure he's charging inflated prices to the usss for their burnt steak and ketchup."
"rt user i'm in the mood for some boy scout cookies. never mind. reality is becoming impossible to parody."
"rt user if you're gonna shotgun a beer do it like a goddamn human being"
"user its the principle that they contentiously lie about their holey bread. which yeah it happens but not in .
"papa johns is the best delivery pizza"
"had a fun day of going to the pumpkin patch, getting apple cider donuts, and then doing a huge corn maze in the dark "
"so, there was this teenager at the marvel vs capcom infinite arcade cabinet. he is on a winning streak because he was using cheese tactics."
"i guess i can take beer pong off my bucket list now :) daboyz"
"i decide to challenge him, and little does he know, i'd found an effective anti-realtiy stone cheese tactic."
"x's sonic slicer and rising fire can be fired twice in succession. that makes it useful for dealing with aerial reality stone cheese."
"my fucking lifeee give me a good cheesesteak and pizza please .
"i ordered pizza two hours ago..."
"i understand why user removed bacon from potato grillers but i want it back, plz bring bacon back to potato grillers."
"user this trans girl's might need for ketchupy mustardy pickly oniony salty splendor has been satisfied extr .
"user no one is going to chipotle to get tacos"
"blaze prep user starting user tonight and ending whenever we finish. chick-fil-a afterward for anyone wanting to join (bring meal money)"
"i want chick-fil-a so bad"
"first islamic mcdonalds opens in berlin .
"rt user you will never eat from mcdonalds after looking at it .
"user its people like me that take 8 chick-fil-a sauces, 2 polynesians and 3 ranches that fuck it up for the rest of yall"
"how can u eat a bowl from chipotle without chip shit so incomplete"
"rt user been had that nigga on the bench...chess not checkers. lmfao .
"captain ds was "
"chick-fil-a is celebrating hoco week (oct. 16-20)! chs will receive $1 credit with each order if you mention, im with conway high school!""
"rt user my boy user was the manager at jets pizza best god damn pizza chef in the soundcloud game .
"user go get a job at mcdonalds .
"somebody please bring me chipotle ill smoke u out"
"rt user the time when mcdonalds gave out good toys... .
"rt user every time i see her i want mcdonalds for some reason. and i haven't been to mcdonalds in over a year. "
"rt user three cheers for the farmers that allow us to make the best food of all: pizza! nationalfarmersday .
"my dad just told me that when we ate at pizza hut the other night i ate free because it was kids' night i'm 22 and .
"rt user chick-fil-a is celebrating hoco week (oct. 16-20)! chs will receive $1 credit with each order if you mention, im wit"
"rt user kfc you're lucky you're not advertising chicken wings c&amp;d villain .
"ive had chick-fil-a for breakfast 3 days in a row. life is good."
"what a fucking moron! schezuansauce rickandmorty mcdonalds .
"well, chipotle didn't put my guac in my bag so tonight is canceled"
"rt user i'll be your burger king, if you'll be my burger queen - user
"all day breakfast menu at chick-fil-a .
"rt user user since rick &amp; morty made that one-off joke about that sauce from mcdonalds, and mcdonalds promoted brin "
"user checkers for the checker god! biopics for the biopic potentate"
"i haven't at chipotle not one time this week wtf is happening"
"the only reason why pizza hut can compete with others is because of their stuffed crust"
"mcdonalds on university so freaking slow "
"rt user who's better kfc or mcdonalds .
"rt user jack in the box's new cheeseburger topped w/ a grilled cheese sandwich &amp; new munchie menu via user .
"ccs spirit week at chick-fil-a!: come into chick-fil-a conway commons and mention conway christian before you... .
"young chipotle .
"check out spongebob squarepants bendy burger king bk &amp; mcdonalds patrick plankton premiums . via user
"user jack in the box tacos!"
"rt user all day breakfast menu at chick-fil-a .
"we now have a president that outsmarts everyone he comes up against that tries to attack him they're playing checkers now he's playing chess"
"rt user kinda wanna look good in a bikini kinda wanna eat three burritos from chipotle kinda pissed i have to pick one"
"rt user skip the fast food. health mcdonalds .
"rt user i dreamt that i met zach efron in el pollo loco and we saved a chihuahua from cardiac arrest"
"rt user vegan enchiladas with sweet potato and smoky chipotle sauce? yes please! .
"user i never tried it and don't care, mcdonalds is cancer for people"
"rt user chipotle fundraiser tonight from 5-9 pm. 50% of the proceeds come back to our school. please come support santanas asb "
"so wait... user what's your guys' reasoning for getting rid of spicy nuggets..? when they're the greatest thing since sliced bread..."
"mfw this sub stops being about mcdonalds and israel/palestine .
"chick-fil-a or pieology sounds fire"
"rt user unbalanced placement of ingredients in chipotle burrito &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; wearing red to target so everybody thinks ur an employee"
"rt user so good!! foodporn food shrimp chipotle tuna chihuahua en julianas .
"so i'm walking and i past a guy who is talking on the phone. this guy sounds exactly like the guy in the jack in the box commercials."
"the phantom turd of the burger king bathroom fastfoodbroadway"
"rt user apparently the mcdonalds stabbing was not sauce related it was just a normal la mcdonalds stabbing"
"user user user gm of la location gave me a number that doesn't even lead to mcdonalds. this is outrageous!!!!"
"rt user im tryna go hiking camping bowling to the beach six flags mcdonalds to sf get spooky get schwifty and eat some tamales"
"god i want a hot box of pizza hut"
"user baconator or spicy chicken sandwich?"
"rt user we tried to order a cheese only pizza at the pizza hut in china and they came back with this... .
"rt user i apologize for any offense caused by my insensitive joke video where i dipped an snes classic in a cup of mcdonalds mulan"
"user bring me some chipotle to work. thanks. lol"
"twittercontest where did the first chick-fil-a open in 1976? reply below to enter the chance to win a free meal !"
"a strawberry shake from chick-fil-a sounds bomb"
"but the burger king is closed they want us to die"
"mcdonalds toys and cards coming to happy meals again! / read about it @ . .
"got this 911 dispatch app and have now deduced that 80% of san francisco crime happens in a mcdonalds."
"rt user fact checkers know it's false. tax experts know it's false. wh aides know it's false. trump keeps saying it anyway: ht"
"rt user be like krystal, stream it here. . .
"taco bell doesnt put bacon in the loaded potato griller anymore. and they changed the name."
"rt user user krystal about a year ago: .
"if someone hasn't got the mcdonalds app yet just download it and register using this friend-code pls ty: nrg9b .
"rt user take your meat to the next level with austins own chipotle bbq sauce. .
"rt user chick-fil-a or in n out is the hardest decision"
"so i went to jack in the box. i'm getting food cause i haven't ate. i'm bout to print all these shirts. i still haven't packed, so..."
"by the marvelous alli smith user talkingabout krispy kreme bread pudding with carmel pecan sauce! .
"so glad to be back and making some bigmacs again. idontactuallyeat mcdonalds eathealthy .
"if you shoot me the addy for the afterparty i'll bring del taco user
"the best part of pizza hut pizza is the crust"
"user for a second i thought the mic was in the dunkin' donuts"
"not sure why chipotle just sent me an email with an interview time for a job...but free burritos sound nice"
"rt user mcdonalds stunts rating: funny, in good spirit: mcflip ominous, powerful: let's mcfrickin lose it sad, embarrassing: "i'"
"sometimes when i'm bored i go on venmo world and just like random transactions. you bought your roommate burger king fuck ya here's a like"
"user i was at the mcdonalds where someone smashed a packet of szechuan sauce and people ate it off the ground"
"rt user got leftover doughnuts? make krispy kreme bread pudding with carmel pecan sauce! yum! . "
"i'm at chipotle mexican grill in west hollywood, ca .
"rt user when u get a 10 piece nugget at mcdonalds and they only give u one sauce .
"rt user chipotle honey lime chicken user . .
"rt user "on knees" o mighty god of saturated fat who resides at kfc, attack his heart now!!!! .
"tried the new chipotle queso. its ok, but has a slightly weird texture to it. not sure about that."
"was going to order a pizza for lunch until i looked over and saw this...why sit on a counter like this when you wor .
"rt user the burger king and i fastfoodbroadway"
"we did it @ in-n-out burger .
"user its not that good lol just go to kfc its the same thing... although their bread is pretty good"
"2004 viacom/burger king spongebob squarepants patrick wrist watch with case on ebay: . .
"rt user her: why pizza hut texting you to come over at 2am????? him: ........ her: unlock your iphone x now him: .
"professional fact checkers investigate laterally . fakenews"
"rt user value every mcdonalds ever: .
"ha burger king promoted this tweet .
"rt user seeing rick and morty fans yell about pickle rick then seeing rick and morty fans yell at a mcdonalds .
"rt user planning for upcoming brits try american fast food video. thoughts? - chick-fil-a - buffalo wild wings - in-n-out - sha"
"user you couldve taken a prep class but 3 nights at the library and some jimmy johns was enough for you"
"why is burger king promoting a tweet towards user ? .
"omg this lady just said she's "running to kfc" after she gets out the er"
"why is this so funny why is burger king so petty .
"tcot tlot maga ctot ocra lnyhbt kag buildthewall ccot shrimp with chipotle-bourbon butter .
"my mom just told me she wanted chipotle and i jokingly replied back "you got chipotle money?" she went tf off oops."
"rt user they need to build a chick-fil-a in gt"
"user i saw a video rn of a grown man jumping up and down on the counter at a mcdonalds demanding sezuch .
"how do i get a chipotle bogo coupon. someone help"
"rt user user user user promoted by burger king. i am dying. .
"good on mcdonalds for bringing back honey and honey mustard"
"rt user please show your support of our trojan program by stopping @ chipotle on stockdale hwy this sat between 5-9 .
"user user user we could make trumps iq test based on reading kfc &amp; mcdonalds menus and he .
"the guy jumping on the counter at mcdonalds is completely staged. dude films it at perfect angel, nobody in the way, plus its... too perfect"
"user i need a chick-fil-a in camarillo plz &amp; thx"
"rt user del taco is better than taco bell. del taco is better than taco bell. del taco is better than taco bell. del taco is b"
"lrt as a mcdonalds worker i approve"
"dove and chick-fil-a going just have to call me a nigger to my face "
"rt user szechuan-mcdonalds riots of 2017 is one of the most shadowrun backstory phrases ive encountered."
"rt user furthermore i am suing mcdonalds and china to officially change the name to harmon sauce .
"tru life i'm addicted to chick-fil-a"
"fastfoodbroadway west side burger king"
"user user user user = checkers user = 4d chess"
"this huge black dude just served me the fattest chipotle bowl of all time"
"rt user homeless man sobs in burger king but doesn't know his photo is on facebook .
"rt user .mcdonalds, chobani and facebook on social food cues (and szechuan sauce) foodporn . .
"rt user gilbert arenas went from self anointed american hero yesterday to a 3 on the long john silvers value menu .
"user another mcdonalds out of schezwan sauce?"
"user this is still the same line mcdonalds uses now, yes? i remember them having to say it over and over w .
"user taco bell got some shit del taco undefeated tho"
"rt user if you eat tacos from jack in the box you don't love yourself"
"rt user chess not checkers snapjitsu"
"the only mexicans that some of these americans want are the ones that keep produce cheap and making the fake ass chipotle burritos"
"user user they both flame but i'm fucking wit del taco more burritos untouchable"
"double chicken burrito from chipotle is the shit! but damn does it cost."
"user user user this man is a muthafuckn dummy! even del taco wet burrito dry den the mojave desert "
"nothing worse than watching new hires @ chipotle disrespecting your burrito or bowls proportions...and then tasting .
"user beggars can't be choosers, bitch this ain't chipotle"
"i'm praying for all my niggas who think del taco is better than taco bell, ion think y'all gone see 25 with this type of thinking "
"user so is not cutting pizza a new thing? .
"rt user thats a big freakin mcdonalds .
"user let's get chipotle"
"user user user this is pathetic krystal. just fucking pathetic. blaming hillary for sexism."
"rt user fastfoodbroadway beautiful: the burger king musical .
"it really is compared to whats out there. sorry not everyone works at taco bell or mcdonalds. .
"rt user fmr liberal msnbc host krystal ball admits hillarys silence makes us all look like hypocrites! surprised? no https:"
"del taco is a lifesaver"
"user throwing a jack in the box cheeseburger into to ceiling?"
"rt user do it for the team! today at signal hill chipotle 4:30pm-8:30pm. tell em your supporting lb poly baseball!! .
"my first job was at jack in the box"
"i'm craving krispy kreme"
"just got a chipotle burrito with shockingly few ingredients. this burrito belongs in a dickensian orphanage"
"is the queso at chipotle good???"
"rt user the next pizza hut pizza that arrives at your door should be hotter -- up to 15 degrees hotter "
"i liked a user video . kermit the frog gets a blowjob from angry mom in mcdonalds drive thru!"
"rt user i took an edible yesterday, went to burger king, slept till 3pm and still found time to address harvey weinstein."
"come support el modena football (user at chipotle today (10/10 from 4:00-8:00 p.m. dominatetheday .
"i went to mcdonalds and they still had the "were all out of szechuan sauce" sign up am i dreaming"
"user user my point is that the reason it got popular was because it was from mcdonalds in spec .
"carls jr. is begging amazon to buy it on twitter and people think its a bitdesperate .
"i had a gross teriyaki bowl from jack , half a jimmy johns sandwich nd now im sitting at my desk with a bag of hot cheetos nd bbq chips "
"my chipotle voice is a different person tbh like whomst is that happy bitch???? i dont even like people that much"
"pumpkin isnt the only spice to eat this fall! we have savory, creamy, &amp; spicy flavors from chipotle style rolled t .
"gain the skills to get your careers cooking - join the boston market team. . fastcasual ranchocucamonga, ca job"
"rt user come support hhs wrestling today from 5-9pm at the chipotle on tyler! .
"chipotle fundraiser tonight! be sure to go and support! .
"user i don't even get an "i love you too" i'll take that ass to jack in the box for some tacos"
"the lion burger king fastfoodbroadway"
"2017: the year of mcdonalds sauce think pieces."
"user i do the same thing when kfc gives me an extra drumstick."
"user young pizza for some asshole in florida that got into my dominos account"
"young pizza for some asshole in florida that got into my dominos account .
"rt user do you think if i cry directly into into my shitty chipotle the spirit of durango will get absorbed and it will magically"
"rt user user must be a chipotle thing bc people always be standing in my fucking bubble in line too.. like chill fatty youll get"
"someone put onions in my filet-o-fish so now im pissed mcdonalds ruined my fave junk meal and i have bad breath."
"i want starbucks and pizza "
"user do more videos with your keyboard. i've watched the pizza hut demo disk video around 70 times because of the sick jams in it"
"user user remember that one time you ordered a cheeseburger ketchup only and it was just bun and ketchup?"
"rt user a dollar menu at chick-fil-a .
"racism as part of the identity politics game is like playing checkers while the jewish syndicate plays chess. they are so far out in front."
"rt user chick-fil-a better than canes dont @ me"
"rt user the guy at chipotle said i look like yukon cornelius. what a fucking compliment honestly .
"i dont know the guy that was working at chipotle but he gave me a free burrito so hes definitely invited to my wedding now"
"attn: lifting heavy has exploded. chaos will now occupy participating dunkin donuts locations. line up for extremities enhancement."
"i would go to chipotle just for their water"
"***$1200/wk* -- "aust. $$$ xpress? -- "ozzie": "even - our centre - "mcdonalds - swanston st" -- "not here! -- "ph .
"rt user alaska fried chicken? in the uk, every state is fair game for a kfc knockoff one data scientis... "
"rt user 12 year olds are having sex and i can't even order in mcdonalds without panicking"
"rt user so i just had my first cheese curd at user and it was good! cheesecurdday ad . .
"rt user "admittedly im not always the best at this (hello, massive airport mcdonalds)..." . travel "
"rt user user young chick-fil-a"
"rt user me: *eats chipotle* me 2 hours later: .
"that spicy chicken sandwich from checkers is perfection"
"fair warning to everyone: chick-fil-a tortilla soup is very spicy "
"rt user they look like an ad for a terrible karate academy that's next door to a little caesars .
"rt user /am/ rt for followan? -krystal"
"user user user mcdonalds knows not to feed the troll "
"promoted by burger king .
"user in custody huh? did they stop at burger king before bringing him in?"
"chick-fil-a should train other restaurant's employees. start with them checkers employees &amp; smaller businesses like snappers ."
"rt user burger king is petty for paying to promote this tweet. .
"rt user mcdonalds proved that rick and mortys smartest fans have no idea what the show is about .
"rt user mcdonalds testing a new burger! . .
"chick-fil-a has the best milkshakes, dont @ me"
"if you dont favor papa johns over other pizza chains, ur sleep"
"it's been like a month since i had chipotle. my addiction is broken "
"been like a month since i had chipotle. my addiction is broken "
"kfc in jamaica is sooooo good. ugh. i wish all yall in the states knew how good it is. "
"i love chipotle aioli so much."
"rt user 2 great harmony hollow episodes recorded today! 2 left to do, then 3 one life videos! but first.... mcdonalds is calling"
"user user i actually used to work at taco bell kfc also when i was 16. so and"
"user every university chick-fil-a"
"mcdonalds mobile ordering is in orlando "
"rt user roomkitchen-no foodmcdonalds-no moneyback to room .
"ive ate mcdonalds for 20 years and still weigh 10 pounds .
"just saw a guy get a large pepsi at panera bread, is this real life?"
"user right! chipotle: way to go burritonian. look out for a free chips &amp; queso w/ entree purchase offer coming your way on 10/10."
"burger king being shady??? lol .
"news via foxnews "burger king's new spicy nuggets are a direct attack on wendy's" . .
"somebody bring me chipotle "
"user i have a friend in burlington and he said the only taco bells are combod with kfc cuz kfc brings the aver .
"sbarro: free xl ny slice of pizza with drink purchase + more when you join the slice society . coupon"
"this fire zone is kfc everyone in america runs it. the all american pass rush stunt - god freeman"
"chipotle is poo poo .
"rt user taemin: can we stop by mcdonalds for dinner jinki: no kibum is making food at the dorm taemin: i hate this fuckign "
"rt user lmfaooo why is burger king so petty?! .
"coco dulce de leche cupcake at disney's hollywood studios user trolley car cafe coco pixarcoco disney .
"user that's why i mentally ill people in hollywood should stay out of politics. you're playing checkers again .
"u all have something to say about mcdonalds workers but u all stay eating there tho?? lmao"
"rt user burger king gotta be the dumbest fast food i've ever seen .
"see our latest plainview, ny job and click to apply: restaurant manager-panera bread - . hospitality hiring"
"rt user is there r34 of the little caesars man"
"i'm gonna get married inside of a chipotle"
"i just poured a half bottle of wine into a chick-fil-a cup cause i didnt want to do dishes later lazy"
"conspiracy theory: mcdonalds only did 20 packs per store to ensure publicity in order for people to care abt them again"
"rt user ah yes finn wolfhard, not as good as kfc but still nice .
"rt user user user me calling little caesars on your ass after seeing this .
"rt user join us tomorrow at chipotle!! mention jsa or present this flyer so that we can get 50% of the proceeds. hope to se "
"so thats not the glaze from a krispy kreme then? stupidquestionsaboutsex"
"support whs dm at chipotle on thursday, october 19th from 5-9 pm! .
"rt user 2weeks till chipotle night for rhs xc @ port richey location. oct 24 4-8pm"
"rt user missing wendy's spicy chicken nuggets? have it your way at burger king . .
"craving checkers fries right now so bad.... had to take a nap to prevent poor decisions"
"@ me if you have a dunkin donuts near you and visit it often"
"my lymphoma warrior! chipotle is donating proceeds to leukemia and lymphoma society tonight. cancersucks .
"keep y'all head up have faith. be strong.xoxo mwauhz-m$.honesty isidorenation babescakes teamhonesty .
"kfc puts food on the table. quite literally. they don't want to throw it out."
"spending 24$ at burger king on myself imhighasshell"
"happening now!! spirit night at chickfila on palm bay road! chick-fil-a at palm bay road"
"rt user yo we back with the fire content! new vlog is up! mcdonalds entire menu! rt for a shoutout! .
"salads from chick-fil-a are liiiifeeeeee"
"rt user ad-new spin on a potato medley. rediscoverlamorena . vivalamorena user chipotle ga "
"got the crib feeling like chipotle .
"panera bread now delivers in orlando user happydance .
"user i see the burger king now"
"mac n' cheetos moving from burger king into grocery stores. . foodandbeverage"
"i just got my chipotle for free and if thats not a blessing i dont know what is"
"burger king out here bringing the heat .
"rt user even bad moes is better than good chipotle"
"rt user penn state fans: buy any papa johns pizza at regular menu price and get a 2nd of equal or lesser value for free starting t"
"user he'd spend the whole match asking you the rules &amp; insisting you play him at checkers instead."
"i want a strawberry milkshake from chick-fil-a again "
"user user user wendy said "we've gotbeef fuckmcdonalds!" haaaaa! i'mgoing2wendy's! theygonna messup .
"anyway i want otis spunkmeyer cookies and krispy kreme donuts."
"rt user attention! everyone please come out to chipotle from 4-8 pm to support you goleman sga user .
"when chipotle knows that their queso is ass so they don't even bother to give it to me when i order it... triggered user
"rt user when chipotle knows that their queso is ass so they don't even bother to give it to me when i order it... triggered user
"user how many job ready children are coming out of high schools, 21st century jobs, not burger king ready gr .
"rt user user its all about del taco "
"how a szechuan-flavored disaster hurt rick and morty way more than mcdonalds .
"rt user a big decision user recently made chipotle burrito funny wife video .
"an years supply of chick-fil-a sauce would be awesome user :)"
"rt user kfc becomes a status symbol in ghana, with obesity and diabetes rates already soaring. .
"5 cool facts about chick-fil-a .
"papa johns has a fkn pizza tracker now welcome back to the family papa"
"man if you go to chipotle &amp; get tacos i disown you. bowl w/ free tortillas all day. .
"i'm at chick-fil-a in atlanta, ga .
"i drew a dog i saw on the sidewalk while waiting for my mcdonalds .
"rt user burger king out here promoting slander lmfao .
"rt user fact: if you start the day out with chick-fil-a its proven that youll have a better &amp; brighter day"
"rt user have lunch or dinner plans today? it's give back day at every chipotle in georgia, and proceeds benefit us! .
"rt plz taco bell/kfc needs adult brooms for dothan, al!!! badback .
"krystal is launching a seven-week-long celebration that will award some lucky buyer of a coke zero drink $1 million. .
"the cutest guy walked into chipotle and i didn't shoot my shot. smdh why am i like this???"
"perhaps good idea but chick-fil-a is healthier to eat at. .
"autofeatures spied! mid-engine corvette prototype caught at mcdonalds . .
"cookin meals for the rest of the week. some surprises for the fam...mango chipotle chicken with collard greens and spanishrice mixingitup"
"rt user not only can you get chick-fil-a &amp; waffle house, but also a comfort colors tshirt?!!! dont miss out on this deal! "
"anyone else nigga-rig there chunky soup/progresso?just made chicken tortilla&amp;put garlic,onion,chilli,chipotle,paprika&amp; cumin powder in mine"
"get back home to see that a krispy kreme is being built 2 minutes from home. scary."
"rt user october 13th is national cheese curd day! celebrate the user way! + free wisconsin cheese curd giveaway! ad - ht"
"chipotle is donating 50% of the money from every order to children's healthcare of atlanta through the end of the day today! choa"
"user wheat bread is horrible and always go with italian herb and cheese at subway."
"almost all the best fast food is overtly christian in-n-out chick-fil-a cook out wendys made a deal with the devil, hence the square meat"
"or chipotle "
"rt user chipotle .
"can vegans eat chipotle?"
"this tweet is promoted by burger king. lmao .
"so i i just got some chick-fil-a in stone mountain. shit nasty no salt on fries no lemonade in my frosted lemonade "
"opted to eat a salad at chipotle instead of in n out. i've truly matured as a human."
"rt user damn that's hard. my mind says tropical smoothie to switch it up. but my heart says chipotle .
"rt user chipotle queso is awful. doesnt even come close to user
"chick-fil-a holds a drumline battle . emma-barfield"
"rt user chipotle trash too .
"chipotle/wingstop .
"holy shit yall burger king is roasting .
" user cookie .
"dunkin' donuts is dropping the "donuts" and eliminating some donuts from their menu. are they crazy?... . via user
"rt user mcdonald's employee fired for refusing service to police officer. good for mcdonalds! ma4t .
"rt user can we stop calling mcdonalds employees "unskilled workers" because they seem extremely skilled at dealing with your bul"
"a chick-fil-a trainee watching the my pleasure! video: .
"paulding county restaurant inspections: chick-fil-a, starbucks, waffle house, asian express . .
"just ordered jimmy johns for the first time and according to the commercial it should be here"
"visit chick-fil-a during pink day, oct. 20. stop by our photo booth. get free paper doll magnets. t-shirts and cal .
"rt user dove and chick-fil-a going just have to call me a nigger to my face."
"zaxbys cookies are so slept on"
"so when pizza hut start making apple pies?"
"user at least a krispy kreme cats"
"rt user zaxbys &gt;&gt;&gt; chick-fil-a "
"user chipotle! adobechat .
"user user and im sure all these fact checkers have zero biases toward our president"
"rt user chick-fil-a holds a drumline battle . emma-barfield"
"thank you to martha berry mcdonalds and jim aaron for supplying milkshakes to the ahs faculty and staff today! .
"at chipotle supporting childrens healthcare of atlanta!! user .
"mcdonalds is extra slow in the lehighvalley"
"who trying to go to chipotle ? .. on me "
"rt user pokmon sun &amp; moon toys are coming to mcdonalds happy meals soon. . .
"don't kill nature! but also lemme eat burger king at 4pm im starving .
"rt user user i got you. do you accept chipotle giftcards?"
"i just checked in at little caesars with mplusplaces download today! .
"burger king tried to use influencer marketing to war on wendy's, but twitter's ad interface spoiled that lil party."
"rt user thank you to martha berry mcdonalds and jim aaron for supplying milkshakes to the ahs faculty and staff today! "
"douglas county restaurant inspections: dunkin donuts, waffle house, zaxby's, mcdonald's .
"rt user i wonder what the uproar will consist of? rushs analogy: you go to mcdonalds to buy a happy meal and have to lis "
"mcdonalds publicrelations szechuan mcnugget rickandmorty mcdonald's made a huge mess of a marketing stunt .
"user i mean you cant really have an opinion on that while youre stuffing your face with burger king do you see the problem"
"rt user yall try to cancel cardi at every turn but still out here eating chipotle."
"spied! mid-engine corvette prototype caught at mcdonalds . via user
"my team dunkin'donuts .
"haha... yeah! wendys you suck where are the spicy nuggets (patiently waits for burger king to promote this tweet)"
"have any of y'all tried chipotle's queso yet? i'm a little concerned that i haven't heard anything about it, good or bad."
"rt user yo wcw said she will never work at mcdonalds. she got 6 children and finna be evicted from her cardboard box. she 27"
"only one pickle , and on top...?? @ dairy queen .
"user so caught up in their phones they occasionally even leave their frontman in a random mcdonalds"
"rt user cant see myself eating pizza hut ever again in life"
"quesadillas and chipotle ranch are a must try. trust us, you need this deliciousness in your life. : .
"user who is the person who said they like checkers better than cookout why do you talk to them"
"just made eye contact with a burger king employee in the back of the room while in the drive thru. that was very intense"
"he pick up line is his face. anything after that is glaze on the krispy kreme donut. .
"rt user in the walmart nail shop, walmart optometry, walmart hair salon, walmart subway or mcdonalds, in layaway, the bath "
"would kill for a pizza hut cheese pizza or which wich "
"rt user ok folk's this one is for all the marbles... when you eat a meal from mcdonald's/burger king/what have you, what order do yo"
"just swiped a $10 gift card from chick-fil-a "
"rt user why can't panera bread be a 24 hour thing?"
"chick-fil-a wants to know...which team has the most spirit - northside high school or hardaway high school? the... .
"wisdom tooth out and all i want to eat is what i can't eat. anybody got some chick-fil-a flavored soup"
"user user user "i'm going to mcdonalds after practice and getting some nuggets""
"user eating pizza fam user .
"hey user coca cola in the see-thru glass. glad it wasn't at chipotle. .
"user jimmy johns in augusta is hiring &amp; they start at $7.25, but i made it to $8 an hour within the first month!!!"
"when your lil brother is just so excited to hang out with big sister user random mcdonalds everyday people .
"user same for me with sugar craving &amp; hot krispy kreme doughnuts!"
"when there's chick-fil-a in the newsroom.. .
"user maybe next time you should skip out on chick-fil-a because they're shit is trash"
"rt user what chick-fil-a do? .
"i like chick-fil-a sauce more than i like most people."
"only $171 + free shipping w/ code kfc at checkout .
"rt user * eats chicken sandwiches * person: you know chick-fil-a is racist! me: oh forreal? damn thats crazy *dips in polyn"
"i have never once seen a dominos pizza look anything like this .
"dont know if i want pizza hut or subway"
"nfl reports top nflfantasy performers from week 5! (pres. by kfc) .
"were playing chess, not checkers. user brm cafe podcast at brmconnect user .
"10.11.17 @ chick-fil-a of clayton, ga .
"rt user happy born day to the homie user hope you get everything you want bro. a clingy bambii with chick-fil-a . stay"
"reup (@ taco bell / long john silvers in acworth, ga) .
"rt user she's only one years old trying to order mcdonalds .
"serious gang activity - user police: man arrested after putting soda in water cup . via user
"rt user still human: 5 times nelson mandela got stuck on the roof of a pizza hut . .
"yall out here telling black women to settle and be lucky cause a nigga offering them mcdonalds?"
"pizza hut just added something to its pizza offerings that's going to be very hot: . .
"rt user why the chipotle hype? moe's has more topping options, gives free chips, &amp; tastes better. it's like iphone vs android."
"i want a whole papa johns pizza "
"rt user dropped early! air jordan 12 retro "bordeaux" for only $171 (retail $190) + free shipping with code "kfc" -&gt; "
"rt user i know a vegan who get they food from wal mart. i told shorty she better off eating a jr bacon cheeseburger from wendys"
"chipotle sounds good"
"rt user if burger king employees invaded outside of the mcdonalds i worked at,and i went out and took a pic with them and tweeted it"
"rt user pennywise: taco bell never stopped serving the chili-cheese burrito down here. me: .
"i'm looking at the most gorgeous girl in a burger king"
"who really got the best cookies user or user themcookies forrealtho cookies food ineedanswers"
"nowplaying unknown - kfc radio spot unknown"
"rt user pusha t writing the mcdonalds jingle always gets me .
"rt user lorde getting some mcdonalds in munich .
"just saw a krystals commercial for the first time...."
"i'm here in chipotle o.j simpsoning a bowl..and so i look next to me and this guys is just staring and says"wow that's a girl that can eat""
"rt user burger king shows no mercy .
"rt user i have a subway bread knife but that was because they left it in my sandwich. .
"lmfaooo this guh told this boy she went to dairy queen to get a blizzard because she blizzard "
"user user i love fried chicken, but kfc leaves my puking. just a mouthful of hot grease. no flavor! thin .
"think i want chipotle."
"kfc open interviews wednesdays &amp; thursdays 3-5 pm! multiple locations! atlanta jobs .
"i really want a steak but then again i want chipotle"
"rt user i haven't even tried chipotle's new queso because chipotle is known for 2 things: causing diarrhea and being inferior to moe'"
"rt user my mom won't even buy me mcdonalds .
"rt user cheese lovers unite! national cheese curd day is 10/15. read how to celebrate at user . ch"
"rt user retro air jordan 12 bordeaux available early for only $171 shipped with code kfc link:. .
"user the pizza hut on bolton rd is refusing to answer their phone and we ordered over 1 and 1/2 hours ago! help!"
"news_cuinsight-&gt; data is the secret sauce for dominos pizza and creditunions :: . coopfs .
"that hardees $5 all-star meal box thingy is by far the best $5 deal out there."
"rt user friend [dying]: i don't think i'm gonna make it me [thinking about how tomorrow is 2-for-1 day at dunkin donuts]: i'm not le"
"rt user user thank you to mcdonalds for presenting at the rhhs career fair bth wearerh rhhscareerfair17 .
"i need a dunkin' donuts strawberry tropical smoothie daily. shit too fye"
"user user user google krispy kreme near ben shapiro"
"whats new at disneys hollywood studios: grand avenue, new starbucks mugs, coco cupcakes, and more .
"one like and i'll get chipotle for dinner"
"they also be like dont eat mcdonalds but finsih more bottles of henny in a month then they do water .
"can you recommend anyone for this job? restaurant manager-panera bread - . hospitality statenisland, ny hiring"
"rt user if i wanted fake beef, i'd go to mcdonalds. .
"inc: pizza hut just added something to its pizza offerings that's sure to become hot chrismatyszczyk .
"aint have burger king in a minute "
"rt user user need this pizza hut. pizza. pizza. .
"rt user nigga when did chick-fil-a get this fancy??? .
"you playing checkers this is chest and hakeem is lit!!! empire"
"rt user only $12 for 12 krispy kreme original glazed doughnuts on 12 oct (thurs) at all krispy kreme outlets!!! .
"rt user get ready for national cheesecurdday at user with the chance to win free cheese curds! ad "
"old food debris, dirty ice machine: douglas county mcdonalds fails inspection .
""man look ... just listen .... uhhh ... hear me out...burger king has some fire ass chicken nuggets. " .
"and now i want some burger king chicken nuggets. fuck"
"rt user dominos &gt; papa johns, pizza hut, little caesars glad we settled that."
"rt user i've seen raider klan when they did there first tour and i met purrp in mcdonalds randomly after the concert "
"hey, user i'm at dairy queen and i'm having a hard time picking what to eat. what should i get?"
"i need some large fries and a large strawberry milkshake from checkers rn"
"rt user that audience was accurate. if i saw them outfits/ heard that remix i would've been down to the chipotle until it w "
"irony is eating white castle cheeseburgers and cookies at 9:00 pm the same night you buy your neighbors treadmill."
"rt user "yes this is mcdonalds how can i take your fuckin order" .
"i eat way too much chipotle"
"rt user highly recommend making chick-fil-a pizza .
"rt user all i want is chick-fil-a breakfast "
"that hair pulling is some weak shit. krystal needed fade that hoe. dynasty"
"rt user redwings fan from windsor finds out he is not banned for throwing octopus onto the ice at little caesars arena https:/"
"damn dude did you beasted those chipotle toilets? .
"i'm not watching trump on hannity, but based of the exploding heads of the fact checkers i follow, i assume it's cool to skip this one."
"rt user this aint even a papa johns pizza, she should be ashamed . .
"rt user at cicis pizza with my boy and the only way i'm leaving the all you can eat buffet is in a god dam ambulance"
"*googles how many pounds of potatoes are produced in the us p/yr* ...42.7 billion pounds .
"rt user accidentally said 'fuck' to a worker at chick-fil-a today and i think that topped every sin i've ever committed."
"user i love chipotle too babe"
"rt user riding past krispy kreme when the hot sign is on, is not the kind of activity i entertain."
"retweeted krystal (user your pup is going to love this! . ad .
"rt user subway is wayyyy better than jimmy johns"
"everything at mcdonalds is gross, but im not finna let you come for their cookies. youre tripping .
"user taco bell made a fried chicken skin chalupa not sure if it was available here though"
"pacdigitalsigns pizza hut made a heat-insulated parka out of delivery pouches to keep you warm all winter .
"ok but have yall had kfc cookies? dat shit hits"
"rt user ok but have yall had kfc cookies? dat shit hits"
"rt user burger king petty lmaoooo .
"rt user his pet chicken pecked him and he took it to mcdonalds .
"it's so serious burger king is promoting it! .
"rt user what's krystal birthname?? is it chrystal soo jung? yesss .
"user no it wouldnt. been to mcdonalds lately! prices are sky high! and you want to make prices even highe .
"rt user &gt;i was starving &gt;ordered ubereats mcdonalds, bigmac meal with iced tea &gt;somehow quarter pounder meal with coke arrived fu"
"krispy kreme isnt all that great"
"rt user robert downey jr. has a burger king crown card that gets him free food for life."
"rt user rt user how the fuck mcdonalds in walmart dont have caramel???? bitch go get it"
"a mcdonalds employee telling a disgruntled rick and morty fan they can have their szechuan sauce for the 100th time .
"rt user ive never wanted chick-fil-a so bad"
"i live in chicago area 8min away from user 's pizza,@ 143 w division st,chicago,il 60610- took 2 plus hours, w/ wrong order&amp;a cold pizza"
"rt user free vip guest list and meet n greet to anyone that can offer me a pack of mcdonalds szechuan sauce"
"we call this a parenting win frenchfriesandicecream bestcomboever @ dairy queen .
"rt user band and color guard are on the road again. grand opening of the krispy kreme on western avenue .
"rt user user james "kfc big meal deal" neal! would be a solid sponsor"
"user chipotle bbq rub or no dice."
"user i had a kanye lookalike in chipotle tonight"
"and i'd like you have money i'm not buying everything for you. like ok but i've bought you portillos, burger king , .
"cuz chick-fil-a dont get your order wrong... u just ordered the wrong thing n they corrected it for u"
"user i havent had chick-fil-a in so long and i have not entered a target in ages im going crazy!!!!!!!"
"user so burger king is promoting false information (aka fake news) about its competitor?"
"hello user we ordered a pizza from a location half a mile away at 8:50 and its now 10:43 and its still not here. how is that possible"
"google, ask panera for delivery: panera bread offers voice-ordering through google assistant .
"pizza hut delivery is getting hotter ... 15 degrees hotter . via user
"i'm hiring someone to work at astoria oregon burger king restaurant. you would make $95,000"
"rt user i fuck wit chick-fil-a heavy g"
"rt user i want some chipotle"
"user and i just went to dunkin and the lady gave us an entire box of donuts and a bag of muffins for free. god bless"
"user i practically have those hands from the burger king commercial with little hands and a big whopper :("
"rt user user was right when he said dem subway cookies was cookies .
"rt user if i aint rap 'cause i flip burgers at burger king... would you be ashamed to tell your friends yuh feelin' me?"
"i want a chipotle burrito stat"
"rt user at culvers just opened"
"spin zone: feel like i have to try chipotle queso now to see how bad it is... bad product=good marketing?? stay woke"
"user user user then why isn't sugar taxed? why isn't starbucks being taxed? cookies .
"rt user .user made ridiculously groovy posters for its chicken tenders dipping sauces: . .
"let's not overlook how beautiful the little caesars arena is. hiac"
"user how has mcdonalds not brought back hot mustard!?!?!? that was my jam"
"user if i had a kid and had nothing better to do like kfc, i'd own twitter also lol"
"doctor's note for food poisoning? : chipotle .
"rt user i just want portillos, pappys, andys, el gallo, jrs, krispy kreme, insomnia and just a damn good slice of real pizza please "
"rt user look, chick-fil-a is going to have to hand me my food in a full klansman outfit and call a nigga in my face ."
"rt user dunkin' donuts is dropping the "donuts" and eliminating some donuts from their menu. are they crazy? user .
"user na don't, ima go steal my little brothers burger king rn "
"but burger king just got spicy nuggets incase y'all didn't knowwww .
"user user user user i like mcdonalds way more than starbucks. starbucks is a full of mega dorks."
"rt user if you wanna impress me, bring me chick-fil-a on a sunday"
"rt user frappes from mcdonalds is like crack to me. "
"rt user this week in weird dreams: ominous clocks, meeting zac efron at el pollo loco and naming your son barnacle boy. https:/"
"rt user how the fuck mcdonalds in walmart dont have caramel???? bitch go get it"
"rt user mcdonalds- mcdowells .
"rt user mcdonalds be acting so fucking stingy with they sauce."
"rt user a guy just slid in my dms with the link to a coupon for a free chick-fil-a nuggets...thats how you do it yall."
"rt user when gaming is life, but you have to go out and eat... newvideo warlords mcdonalds .
"user btw my favorite berlin thing is people bring their dogs on the subway and also drink giant bottles of beer on the subway."
""democrats are playing checkers while trump is playing chess" by thomas b. edsall via nyt .
"that is a fucking arch that would make ronald mcdonald cum in tha burger kings mouth!! .
"rt user burger king is so petty .
"with jupal krystal yoong jon9alay ( _)"
" pizza hut wants to keep your body as warm as their pies .
"fans voted cedar creek the little caesars team of the week after the cougars trounced ocs thursday. .
"wtf where is my krispy kreme coupon?!?! im hoping its in haleys wallet or in my car cause bitch i was going to g .
"eating burgers at kfc johar town .
"user and 6.50 for some chips, chilli bites and a 500ml bottle of water from burger king is steep, even for airport prices."
"/ my work are selling krispy kreme im yelling"
"the trump presidential library is just going to be row after row of empty kfc boxes and soiled diapers."
"[mino ] my enthusiast, cute, rated, caring, good attitude bias: bp, suzy, krystal."
"rt user who is stronger? hara vs krystal (remember that one time when 2pm changsun jump into the water to save krystal bu "
"rt user my grandson: grandpa why do u have a limp me: well in my youth the mcdonalds corporation released a coveted szechuan sauce"
"rt user it's kinda like people's love for mcdonalds no matter what they hear about they still gonna it so i'm still going t "
"man i hate dunkin donuts"
"mane, somebody need to ship some chick-fil-a to north korea. bet that make them change their mind for a while."
"i was in the chick-fil-a drive through and the person in front of me paid for my food "
"something sweet! burger king's new cinnamon toast crunch milkshake . stupiddope .
"rt user fact-checkers (incl'g me) are throwing up their hands as trump describes his tax plan to hannity--he clearly doesn't und"
"rt user user thank you i will visit that mcdonalds and matthi in sta clara and conchas in qc once again sooner ald"
"just got my morning shot of sprite from mcdonalds. today should be productive."
"i found out you dont realize how much something means to you until its gone when dairy queen shut down in new roads."
"when ur trying to makeout in a mcdonalds parking lot and a fire truck comes "
"tonight reassured me that chipotle is and always will be &gt; qdoba. only thing q has going is their queso. delicious"
"bruh hit up del taco .
"rt user chick fil a employees dont got shit on mcdonalds .
"rt user how to celebrate national cheese curd day (and a fun user cheese curd giveaway!) . "
"rt user dont worry boys/traitors you can get a job at mcdonalds .
"rt user florida man robs wells fargo bank in gainesville, heads straight to kfc with cash redpill goldwater .
"i'm at kfc in sydney, nsw .
"4 classes. work at pizza hut almost full time. now i want to add esports into the mix. no clue how it will go haha."
"rt heidiwaldusky: if you can't beat 'em, join 'em. mcdonalds chobani, even facebook, up their foodporn game. . adv"
"i also left my bag at mcdonalds but luckily realized immediately and i left my phone on a shelf in walmart but also .
"rt user dorchester: 3 car door checkers, homes ave, bpd enroute"
"this is what delivering pizza at springfield college looks like lol had me coming back with ditches and shit .
"rt user good luck in mcdonalds (from weibo) .
"blackhistoryfact at the age of 26, ashley derby became one of the youngest franchise owners in chick-fil-a histor .
"rt user that's cool, my momma don't even buy me mcdonalds... .
"get me a pizza parka asap user .
"rt therealautoblog "mid-engine chevy corvette is spotted on public roads -- and in the mcdonalds drive-thru: .
"rt user lmaoooo burger king clowning .
"so chipotle on 14th street has a security guard inside smh"
"rt user wanna talk about disappointment? last night at the club i was ordering lauren and i jimmy johns and i got to the e "
"rt user octupus-thrower facing lifetime ban at little caesars arena .
"user give us building/room will have jimmy johns show up and deliver to you freakyfast"
"i didnt eat fast food for the longest time but now all i want is mcdonalds nugs n fries rip"
"user why are you eating at mcdonalds in the first place?"
"wait... i can get this for free at a mcdonalds? and it's not rare? time to jump on a mcdonald's sales counter and make an ass of myself."
"rt user red wings fan is facing a lifetime ban after throwing the 1st octopus on the ice at little caesars arena "
"rt user can't stop laughing, burger king wins .
"rt user i need a caramel frappe from mcdonalds"
"user you said chick-fil-a on you this week"
"rt user hey fans! user maniatour stops at little caesars arena on tues, oct. 24! don't miss out! lgrw details: "
"rt user oh my gosh!! free $5 dunkin donuts card! go go go freebies hotdeals freebie couponfamily ... .
"obesity was rising as ghana embraced fast food. then came kfc. .
"rt user cinnamon toast crunch milshake will be tried. burger king can't miss rn .
"what's the longest your supposed to wait for jimmy johns like when is it considered not "freaky fast""
"kicking off the party at little caesars arena &amp; mikes pizza bar - read the blog at . .
"jimmy johns in coldwater needs delivery drivers &amp; sandwich artists! workforcewednesday wioa .
"seeing this was promoted by burger king, i sense a war coming soon. .
"rt user jimmy johns in coldwater needs delivery drivers &amp; sandwich artists! workforcewednesday wioa .
""but why eat mcdonalds if ur on a diet". cuz my job is on the go go go and subway gets old. southwest salad and grilled wraps tho "
"when i die i hope to be buried with a little caesars hot n ready and crazy bread"
"rt user jimmy johns &gt; subway"
"little caesars sucks"
"octupus-thrower facing lifetime ban at little caesars arena redwings bhive .
"burger king is so freaking savage, definitely getting spicy nuggs tomorrow "
"chick-fil-a is such a magical place, this dude literally gave me free food"
"thanks again to metro agency inc for sponsoring and dunkin' donuts for hosting this morning's brewin' business!"
"thank you jimmy johns for the free customer appreciation sandwich "
"rt user windsor man faces lifetime ban for tossing first octopus at little caesars arena . .
"user the popcorn isn't that good though! before the popcorn we sold trash candy bars for $1 with a $1 burger king coupon"
"i have this weirdly vivid memory of being at boston market labor weekend 2012 and being really depressed lol"
"please make my driverless car have a snarky attitude! ex. me - mcdonalds please - car - so we are being healthy today."
"rt user if youre in detroit, stop by one of the registration tables at little caesars arena. .
"octopus toss earns man lifetime ban from little caesars arena .
"rt user burger king is mad petty. .
"another mean teenager brat was in burger king being rude to the cashier. someone hit these children."
"rt user the wall street journal called me about a user joke i tweeted. if i get free pizza for life i'm opening a bed and"
"ppl posting their mains reminds me of the time that we were at culvers and one of the cooks came out of the kitchen to tell us he mained dan"
"rt user rt wokehillbilly: mcdonalds this sign is posted at your restaurant in xenia, oh. try paying a living wage. fightf htt"
"well first we were gonna go eat chinese, then i wanted macaroni so we were gonna go to kfc and we end up at applebees"
"user user that spicy ketchup is something else!!!"
"rt user new retail center with fast-food restaurant, two stores planned for us-31 across from panera bread: .
"papa johns pizza is the best pizza"
"chipotle queso actually kills it"
"straight outta mcdonalds: . via user
"freep.com &gt;&gt; red wings: man not banned for hurling octopus in little caesars arena .
"rt user red wings: man not banned for hurling octopus in little caesars arena .
"the "mr t" laurence turearud,my dad, and tom sheroski from little caesars! "pity the fool who doesn't order a hot n ready "
"red wings: man not banned for hurling octopus in little caesars arena redwings . .
"rt user lmao @ promoted by burger king .
"when you have to get burger king because your mom hasn't went grocery shopping in 3 weeks and now you hate yourself"
"user taco bell cheese quesodildos, fiesta potatoes, and a ninja turtle. do it asap"
"aaron keeps pronouncing jimmy johns as "james johnson's" like get out "
"user jimmy johns. areyoutriggered?"
"user my pizza isn't even cut. smh. .
"rt user welcome to the resistance chipotle .
"lastchance: we're giving away 4 tickets to the pistons' season opener at little caesars arena. enter by midnight. .
"grandma got my 1 year old son a jack in the box for his 1st birthday. why? wtf grandma clowns"
"mcdonalds bag in the fridge after too many shots with tiff lol whereifoundmykeys"
"rt user need a treat for this gloomy day? come join us at dairy queen tonight from 5-8!!! .
"rt user i've literally had nightmares where i was eating mcdonalds or putting a relaxer on my hair. not about to die, but a "
"bringing user to chipotle for her first time has been the highlight of my week "
"okay but when will you bring back chicken tenders .
"rt user lastchance: we're giving away 4 tickets to the pistons' season opener at little caesars arena. enter by midnight. "
"rt user come out to chipotle oct 20-21 &amp; support wsu baseball! save the dates .
"dont know about you but think they should change the name of the kid rock caf in the beautiful new little caesars arena. makes me vomit."
"im really in need of some pizza hut crew fun ive had such a shitty day"
"none of the dominos near me deliver and im so sad. i just wanted a pizza. "
"user i just saw this post again. my mouth is literally watering, thinking about how good chick-fil-a would be rn "
"rt user dude hit the manager with his car twice and drove off. hes facing felony robbery charges over a soda at mcdonalds "
"sources confirm that trump could be heard running to his room, playing the cure, and not touching his kfc dinner pl .
"i need to work on my bread making skillz but it actually didn't turn out bad n i just need to season this shit like subway does next time"
"i've never been inside a chick-fil-a before."
"user mcdonalds rereleased sauce in limited quantities last week. fans got angry because they couldnt get it. bad things happened."
"believe it or not i used to co-run a sungah page on tumblr... 2 years later i make jokes about her working at burger king"
"ben affleck cupped my sack at a dunkin donuts in 2009. i would like an apology."
"rt user bringing user to chipotle for her first time has been the highlight of my week "
"jack in the box is beyond trash"
"i've been doing homework for 7 hours now and i just want chick-fil-a"
"pizza delivery wembley | quality pizza delivery in wembley - papa johns .
"little caesars is fuckin "
"rt user pizza hut is nasty af lets argue"
"the pizza hut pizza parka is about to be a must have for hypebeasts."
"i really want cookies from subway "
"sometimes i dream about little caesars user
"is boston market food?, i've never eaten it "
"so i had chick-fil-a for the first time today. it was good and fresh but to be its not all that. them waffle fries were good as hell tho "
"since when is chick fil a cheaper than mcdonalds???"
"i wanna be a walking pizza hut ad this winter .
"rt user ppl posting their mains reminds me of the time that we were at culvers and one of the cooks came out of the kitchen to tel"
"burger king playin games on my tl .
"rt user all my problems would be solved if monroe had chick-fil-a &amp; jamba juice"
"jimmy johns cookies r so much better than subways dont @ me"
"wowee just spent the last $2.98 in my bank account on a jimmy johns sub and i dont regret it"
"i get what they're trying to do, but that isn't for me. if i get chick-fil-a again, it's drive-thru only, please."
"omg i'm having 90s flashbacks to burger king 1st movie toys. nostalgia .
"user so you're not eating chipotle 7 times a week anymore?"
"i hope chipotle open by the time i get home cause i been craving some "
"rt user man in custody after masturbating at panera bread, police say . .
"i'm doing hw &amp; my mom want me to go get dairy queen.."
"i think panera bread is overrated af"
"ive had dominos once and im still a pizza hut stan .
"computing technology itsecurity tech ces pizza hut parka keeps you toasty like a fresh slice of pizza - cn... .
"rt user lmfaooooooo rt user how the fuck mcdonalds in walmart dont have caramel???? bitch go get it"
"can't wait to try these free coffee samples from dunkin donuts! also .
"hell yeah like wtf you pulling out $1200 at mcdonalds .
"user pizza hut x supreme"
"rt user little caesars is fuckin "
"think ima go mess with this chipotle"
"hi everyone, i am selling our wings tickets at the new little caesars arena for this monday vs. tampa bay... .
"any live fact checkers on this trump user interview?? three minutes in and i'm exhausted counting the lies."
"dying to check out little caesars arena still"
"rt user "i need to lose weight" as i order what i want from mcdonalds"
"user user user "first time, long time kfc. diehard yankees fan here but that last caller doing .
"boston market..."
"rt user if homegirl eating at mcdonalds, it's quiet forrrrr her"
"rt user found out today that there are people that actually eat at burger king? and not just use their parking lots for drug dea"
"can this kfc ad stop following me"
"i can buy that pitcher plant. i can afford groceries. i can fill up my car. i can eat. i can get better pizza than little caesars."
"rt user pray for me, ya girl has an interview for a second job tomorrow @ long john silvers "
"youth hang-out wednesday started tonight. join us next week as we go to mcdonalds at 6:30pm. student worship is al .
"haha burger king is sponsoring other people roasting user now lol .
"rt user ilookattheworld and see an incredible number of mcdonalds restaurants. .
"rt user burger king has launched spicy nuggets. a day later you will be the one launching spicy nuggets."
"rt user this chess not checkers."
"not impressed by the women on here that say they know good sex. there's women getting bad sex but got a good life. you fucking for chipotle"
"i had like 4 pieces of pizza and a burrito from chipotle ... ima be obese"
"rt user she sucking dick at a church then kissing on her "man" at mcdonalds. hmmmm .
"rt user sometimes i dream about little caesars user
"roasted sweet potato wedges + chipotle mayo = sex"
"burger king promoting wendys loosing their nuggets is why they suck ass and will always suck ass"
"update: its mcdonalds"
"i once demanded free chicken at kfc and they said "fuck off kaolo koelie". i reported this and their account is sti .
"does it count as eating right is the pizza came from subway?"
"rt user when you're drunk as hell at mcdonalds at 1:30 in the morning and the police walk in .
"rt user chick-fil-a southaven cow auditions for "as need basis" are wed. oct 11th 10am-1pm @ 917 ferncliff drive, southaven "
"bruh. they be at the krystals on the corner. no lie. same old heads. .
"oh so like my chick-fil-a is closed what in the fork am i going to do now. this has been so disappointing, like loosing my first born."
"16:05 reported accident at/near little caesars , 1725 university ave"
"user somebody said you gonna bring chick-fil-a to work for us "
"update: chick-fil-a may be closed but mexican food is always a perfect choice. "
"rt user courage in 2017 is when chipotle puts sour cream in ur bowl on accident and u eat it anyway."
"anyone hears word about a chick-fil-a coming lmk corinththings"
"user i like the korean bbq behind the mcdonalds on the strip"
"yall come eat at chick-fil-a 5pm-8pm right now to help support obhs interact! if you put your receipt in the basket we get 20%"
"user user i'll never forget the time we had 7am practice and all the specialist went to mcdonalds."
"last week i asked the girls in my bible study if they wanted to meet at a different location this week. they voted krispy kreme blessed"
"- i want chipotle and my back rubbed. "
"rt user ordered a salad at chick-fil-a tonight, and you know what, it was not my pleasure."
"rt user if you put mayo or ketchup on a chick-fil-a sandwich, you're the police"
"y'all burger king paid to promote a random persons tweet just so they could reply to it s h o o k .
"you did it again user you made my pizza dreams come true .
"rt user mcdonalds a upgrade. that 4 for 4 at wendys more like it.....whatyouwanttodrink .
"user and then goes to mcdonalds after you give him money"
"rt user when youre craving chick-fil-a but its sunday .
"rt user yo mcdonalds why even ask me what sauce would i like with my nuggets if youre not going to throw them in the bag."
"i saw that today. must be competing with mcdonalds lol .
"all i want is some sweet tea from mcdonalds "
"rt user mcdonalds is date, sitting in our car talking is a date, laying in bed is a date, watching netflix is a date. money doe"
"come for the coffee stay for the donuts. @ krispy kreme jersey city .
"rt user how am i not supposed to believe in conspiracy theories when even chick-fil-a has a secret menu"
"rt user my mood is krystal being upset at jonghyun /everyday/ for giving playboy away"
"we playing chess while they playing checkers "
"brand accounts such as wendy's, mcdonalds, etc. i want to be twitter famous and have a reply from big corporate businesses"
"saw a guy walk out of dunkin donuts with a box of donuts and roses... .
"all im trying to say is if you go to taco bell you should try a chipotle chicken loaded griller"
"ill be at the s train today at grand central station 3-6pm and penn station beside mcdonalds from 8-11pm. see you there :)"
"peer leaders participate in year-long chick-fil-a leader academy .
"rt user these cosplayers (who were 2 of 3 ricks wading around the restaurant) were nice, though. mcdonalds "
"user i'm reaching out to you today as id like to speak to you regarding licensing kfc and col sanders for a line of retail products."
"some of kfc, wal-mart chicken comes from private prison slave labor scheme .
"got a sleepy kitty in my lap but a growling stomach and chipotle in the fridge what do i do"
"user yes. his diet is 95% chipotle"
"rt user i just really love chipotle"
"rt user the lion burger king fastfoodbroadway"
"user shiiiiid dominos, pizza hut, whole foods, my kitchen, a tortilla with toppings on it, etc"
"i luvvv dunkin donuts hashbrowns"
"i wanna sucker punch this lady in front of me at chipotle ive been in line for twenty five minutes"
"pizza hut taste like shit bruh"
"i felt this struggle before but since i work at mcdonalds i be giving out like 2 or 3 sauces no matter what amount .
"toms river chipotle been off its game lately...."
"rt user "finna walk into mcdonalds bout to make columbine look not so schwifty. shoulda had sheshwan" - overheard at community co"
"burger king throwing shade .
"crispy crab balls with chipotle tartar sauce are the perfect holiday, game day, or party appetizer! .
"the kids build your own at chipotle"
"rt user when ya mom ask ya to stop by mcdonalds but ya remember on march 16,1998 when she asked did ya have mcdonalds money ht"
"yes but good burgers not mcdonalds burgers lol .
"chipotle lines are od"
"rt user get your cheese fix at your local user on october 15th for national cheese curd day! cheesecurdday giveaway "
"a swarm of people dressed as ronald mcdonald apparently regularly attack this burger king. .
"has anyone else carrying around stuck on the subway cookies?"
"burger king out here throwing shade with the promotion .
"welp i just ran into one of user ex-girlfriends (from lake mary) at chick-fil-a (in new york city)"
"chipotle cheddar jalapeo burger! on our regular weekly special!!! burger burgermadness .
"i just saw a boy on the subway finish his pizza and then throw the crust out the door at the next stop..."
"user she is a mcdonalds executive who made her fame preaching all mcdoubles are made equal"
"here's what george washington had to say about homework: "burger king finished eating dogs.""
"update from the south: just paid $7.50 for a bowl and chips at chipotle. same thing cost me $11.50 last week in nyc. whyyy"
"user pizza hut buffet is trash. "
"user user this guy is horrible, just give us kfc"
"user also when tried to get a poster from mcdonalds an angry fan kicked a glass door open with two middle f .
"lmk or tag someone who is down for filming &amp; hangs &amp; (like not an entire bag of money but you know more than a chipotle meal)"
"rt user those kfc $5 boxes sound good right now! i'm hungro af."
"user user when you live in the pizza mecca of the world"
"mcdonalds usually .
"rt user i aspire to be as wealthy as user ... boy ordered sushi &amp; wine in dunkin donuts .
"rt user ad craving something spicy? try this creamy corn chowder with user chipotle peppers. yum! vivalamorena "
"this is what pewdiepie said off-the-record about 12 year olds: "burger king finished eating instagram.""
"user wow! over 1,318 false statements made by you in 238 days!!those fact checkers are gonna collapse!! liar!!user
"nah yall not eating the chipotle right nfs yall cant be lmaooo"
"will i regret never having eaten at a boston market when i die? i kinda think maybe"
"the workers at chipotle gave me enough food for four days and i'm not mad"
"i litterally just did this at chipotle... lowkey now im shook .
"rt user nah yall not eating the chipotle right nfs yall cant be lmaooo"
"ew i haven't eaten mcdonalds in years and i just got reminded why i don't eat that shit i feel so sick.. only had some nuggets forreal"
"carrer: science &gt; seeking fact checkers for freelance projects &gt;... . career"
"user user krystal ball look deep into ur self and note ur bernie purity is pure bullshit. maybe sp .
"user yeah but this mf got arrested lmao, and chipotle always be staring at u when u ask for a water cup"
"shrimp with chipotle-bourbon butter try it once and youll forever crave this shrimp cooked in a... . via user
"rt user we get to the concert venue and the first thing gabby wants is dairy queen"
"shawty dumped her au bon pain mac &amp; cheese on him .
"a cousin sent me a pizza hut gift card, so i wouldn't have to cook on my birthday---very, very nice of him to think of me"
"i hate kfc, but their $5 famous bowl meal changed my life"
"it may have been easier for the new yorker, with its army of exceptional fact checkers, to greenlight the story. .
"watch: bizarre iphone video captures pregnant woman fighting in mcdonald's! . fight joy105com mcdonalds"
"user i believe it's chipotle and he's looking to keep it safe on the ride home. i'd do it with paula's donuts so i get it lol"
"i just want mcdonalds sos"
"ok with paula's donuts. but chipotle can go into the trash imo .
"is this real bring back real rap send these cornballs to mcdonalds oldschool .
"i've been comin to my local dunkin donuts that the girl who always makes my order has such an obvious crush on me"
"breaking: here's what pewdiepie said off-the-record about mcdonalds: "a dog is failing to meet the standards of words.""
"user user chipotle is straight trash so youre not missing anything"
"rt user damn fact-checkers go crazy president trump has made 1,318 false or misleading claims in just 263 days user "
"we don't eat little caesars .
"lady working at chipotle rips my burrito while folding it and asks if it's ok to put it in a bowl. ummm no? lol"
"deadstar is so fucking user krispy kreme yaaa bitch i stay clean ~ - . xxx nsfw adult"
"burger king has the best fries!! if you don't agree, then mcdonalds has the best fries!! it doesn't matter.. i just want people to like me.."
"user ball. and no, that's not a typo. her name is krystal ball."
"wendy's no longer sells spicy chicken nuggets, but burger king does. .
"nowplaying krystal johnson - we believe | power of worship radio =click to listen= .
"rt user long islanders get ready for work by waking up, shoving an entire bagel up their ass, chugging dunkin donuts, and runnin"
"i made my bed (ordering an iced mocha from burger king) and now i must lie in it (keep it in my possession for the rest of the megabus ride)"
"the person in front of me at chipotle ordered a quesadilla in a way that made it clear she has never even heard of the spanish language"
"rt user fried mashed potato balls - kfc australia is serving deep-fried, breaded 'gravy mashies' . "
"rt user show your support for shu cheer tomorrow at chipotle between 5-9pm, just show this flyer at the register! help get "
"so mormons can dance like this but they cant open chick-fil-a on sunday? .
"i said i didnt like arbys but didnt mind mcdonalds and some guy at work said im a typical fucking millennial. im done"
"rt user i could eat chipotle for the rest of my life and not get tired of it"
"this tweet is hilarious only because burger king is promoting it .
"workout 1 brought to you by dunkin' donuts' maple pecan latte and .
"user user ayy u got the number for pizza hut?"
"user is bringing me chipotle and i've never been so excited for food omg"
"user unless dusty is playing chess while everyone else plays checkers but i doubt that very much"
"chick-fil-a doesnt make mistakes. if theres something wrong with your order it was your fault"
"what's up with these petty burger king promotions against wendy's"
"rt user what if there was a food place that had chick fil a chicken, raising canes sauce and bread, and jack in the box shakes"
"user promoted by burger king yall petty .
"slighty creepy yet very delicious starbucks cookie .
"unsurprisingly, this is what my grandmom had to say about mcdonalds: "destiny 2 is failing to meet the standards of cheese.""
"rt user if you havent walked through the fumes of the fidi chipotle chicken vent multiple times a day you dont really go to p"
"user just had chipotle and almost choked on this piece of rice .
"had to repost..looks like last lap in miami was at mcdonalds... love my trini .
"made spaghetti with chicken chipotle creme yumz watching mexico play # # .
"rt user left my son at the park (dw i tied him 2 a tree) so i could go2 mcdonalds n grab some rick n morty sauce n now my exs new ma"
"yo the burger king in long beach sucks ass! don't ever go there! they gave me the worst fuckin attitude ever yo!"
"user user is mcdonalds healthy food?"
"i just waited 45 minutes on the starbucks line only to find out that they are out of green tea and cake pops"
"paris and brussels trip recap | the krystal diaries . via user
"i can't trust people who order a filet-o-fish sandwich from mcdonalds.."
"this boy at my school got me a whole pizza from dominos "
"user ur chipotle bff"
"rt user with chipotle queso!!!! just add a butt ton of salt and will be so much better!!! problem freaking solved user
"kfc after class hits the spot "
"rt user - plays ultimate frisbee - suspended for vaping in bathroom - works at little caesars - wears mandals to school .
"rt user user ur chipotle bff"
"rt user user boutta go get some kfc from your side .
"user user oh thank god bc chipotle's is garbage and i cry everyday that there are no qdobas or chuys in nyc"
"user mcdonalds"
"dont get mad cuz ion like chick-fil-a that shit is garbage .
"user user so you work at mcdonalds???"
"pizza hut needs to stop spending its dollars on me if the one near me doesnt deliver"
"rt user could you marry someone who has the mcdonalds app"
"user was half expecting the sodas and beers to start flying, nwo-style. or at least the user roast beef sandwiches."
"teenage mutant ninja turtles raphael toy 2016 mcdonalds tmnt on ebay: . tmnt raphael .
"rt user pizza only .
"literally making nate drive me to mcdonalds to get a sweet tea bestcousinaward"
"user all i have is $110 because i had to pay bills today and i did overtime at mcdonalds so can you do $250 .
"user user or checkers"
"user ice breaker tip for user ? jack in the box jalapeo poppers am i rite"
"tht burger king biscuit looks like itll suck the life right outta you w/o a bev"
"fake news back at it again at krispy kreme .
"i wanna dip a piece of pizza hut pizza in some beer cheese. that is all."
"rt user something went wrong with the ticketing system; tried to buy star wars tickets and ended up getting mcdonalds szechuan sa"
"she really put on for everyone that has ever been asked by their mama if they got mcdonalds money...a legend .
"rt user offering to fix the ice cream machine at mcdonalds cause it's always broken."
""promoted by burger king" savage .
"in regards to the rick and morty-mcdonalds szechuan sauce fiasco, even satan couldn't predict the turnout! (hatarak .
"rt user burger king throwing shade via promoted tweets. .
"rt user if you're vegan &amp; still eating at mcdonalds wtf are you doing honestly .
"red lobster vs. mcdonalds .
"rt user in regards to the rick and morty-mcdonalds szechuan sauce fiasco, even satan couldn't predict the turnout! (hatarak "
"some random number just sent me a work schedule and i just dont work at burger king so idk someones not gonna get there schedule"
"user if they want to void their contracts and work at mcdonalds they can go right ahead"
"just got me some chick-fil-a and waffle fries.. bless up"
"the man that kissed the boo boos away and brought mcdonalds home. had us rap battling in the basement, to our first shots."
"and of course chipotle ran out of rice and every meat so now i gotta get that foolywang by my apartment."
"user so is mcdonalds. not my favorite restaurant."
"user you're not even worth taking out to mcdonalds."
"user not @ you dragging mcdonalds but deadass about the roman part "
"colonel sanders was right kfc became a fucking disaster after he left .
"why does burger king tweet memes without pictures? lmaooooo"
"rt user out of all collaborations, wwe chooses kfc's colonel for wwe 2k18. wwe2k18 kfc nintendoswitch ps4 xboxone .
"i was gonna get a papa johns pizza with that b1g1 deal but then i found out the one pizza with the coupon costs $18. lol no, dominos pls"
"rt user mcdonalds is literally the best company on the planet .
"user happy birthday! may we all love something as much as you love nebraska and chipotle!"
"the drive through window guy at burger king just told emily to have a delicious night "
"sweet potato cornbread "sausage" muffins, chili and chili "burgers" w cashew chipotle "mayo" on .
"honestcakemessages i told you not to eat chipotle .
"chipotle blue ash reed hartman - m4m . missedconnections"
"im tired of seeing burger king promote tweets about user getting rid of spicy nuggets."
"user are you going to pizza hut"
"rt user easy and scrumptious slow cooker honey lime chipotle pork loin recipe: . crockpot .
"rt user project life students discussing employment at mcdonalds and ymca! btinnovate .
"why this tweet promoted by burger king .
"user nbd but user has added new chicken tenders to their menu."
"rt user help support gsa tomorrow! go get chipotle from 4 to 8 pm and show this flyer! .
"clouds at graduation guac zita gabby diaz ah showing go ucla di fish dhl ox you flax sickbay kfc con blow do dish j .
"rt user this chipotle worker really said this is my third day in a row. like what are you so loud for? i asked for extra ric"
"i despise eastgate chipotle"
"the thin crust pizza from dominos is so fucking good im only ordering from dominos from now on."
"user boy i know i seen u at the red box at mcdonalds an u was wearin skullcandy headphones with a george colla .
"i'm sorry but every time the colonel from kfc says "finger licking good" it makes me highly uncomfortable"
"about chipotle. lol"
"does sign diaz xbox foo idiots womb gofag cnn bay spat soak dixon fl kfc gm fag clash floods ac bulb cock gay foots .
"my son said bring him some cookies home, but im bringing subway instead i eat subway every night now lmfao"
"rt user your mcm paid $300 dollars for some mcdonalds cartoon dipping sauce but refused to donate to puerto rico, he 27"
"user user lets go to mcdonalds"
"i always said to my friends i don't eat checkers or shoprite cakes but to them it's like i'm being petty.. they tas .
"user i only beat you in 2 of 3 because you got me in golf but that shit was confusing me but now were settling it in checkers"
"rt user boy what chick-fil-a you at??? .
"i want chipotle tomorrow "
"rt user lmaooo burger king really promoted this .
"i really want a peppermint mocha from mcdonalds"
"me ordering chipotle and they stuff me on the chicken .
"working at chipotle is a fuckin blessing "
"gal bartender in nashville - her great grandma invented the shamrock shake i swear to god.. said she was the first woman to own a mcdonalds"
"any em fan who liked frump completely missed the point of his music, like rick &amp; morty fans shouting at mcdonalds fans about nugget sauce."
"anne hutchinson's house... thanks chipotle .
"i might set a stanley black &amp; decker record for amount of time chick-fil-a shows up on an expense report"
"rt user ducked up the burger king on myrtle isn't 24 hrs"
"to enter the u.s. wizarding world and board the train to ilvermorny, do you have to run your cart thru the bathroom door of a dunkin donuts?"
"man accused of sexually assaulting 2-year-old in chick-fil-abathroom . .
"rt user dont miss out! stop into hob restaurant &amp; bar for chipotle bacon mac &amp; cheese before its gone! book your table at "
"if u get 3+ drinks in the starbucks drive thru i donut like u"
"me when this kid in front of me at chipotle got a burrito with just chicken and the tortilla and nothing else on it .
"go to chipotle today and support wilson theater thank u :^)"
"rt user calling all chipotle lovers! we've teamed up with the chipotle on forbes today from 4-8pm. details in the flyer att "
"the burger king and i fastfoodbroadway"
"attention: taco bell has now put their breaded chicken triangles in a quesadilla this is not a drill."
"chipotle fundraiser today! from 4-10pm, you have the perfect excuse to go get a burrito! "
"for our vegetarian friends, chick-fil-a has you covered too! chickfilamoms .
"10-10-2017 @ kfc - kentucky fried chicken .
"rt user pizza hut delivery is getting 15 degrees hotter .
"i just watched the mcdonalds hiring manager yell at this boy because he wanted to work here with a penn state degree. inspiring."
"rt user all of my nepa followers! make sure you stop by chipotle this sunday 4-8pm! supportwbb .
"&amp; bacon fondue fries .
"chipotle queso is pretty disappointing"
"user it means u get mcdonalds ;)"
"everybody that's works at this mcdonalds user has the nastiest attitudes. if you don't like customer service go get an office job"
"user user ketchup on a big mac? you monster"
"i just walked into a burger king listening to music from the new blade runner and for the first time i realized i was living in the future"
"trump white house is white bread white, white rice white, no wonder trump and pence have no clue what nfl protest i .
"rt user imagine giving up mcdonalds because of a fucking sauce and not the horrors of the meat industry lol"
"rt user a five-story chick-fil-a is a thing that's happening. .
"stop by chipotle on forbes ave tonight and get some grub! if you tell them that pulse sent you we get half of the cost of your meal!!! if y"
"walking down forbes and i passed a mcdonalds and at least 400 rick and morty fans were rioting about trumps sauce ban. oh and i was slammed"
"fucking soccer moms talking on the phone while driving is the worst thing to happen since the krispy kreme closing by me"
"been eating chipotle heavily lately, but the shits been bomb!!!"
"rt user i love how the promoted tweet underneath is kfc like that relates to user so hard! .
"when i tell user were going on a date but we to to burger king .
"rt user when you realize chick-fil-a is closed because its sunday."
"coming 10/12 5-7pm, fire prevention event @ mcdonalds at 1 shadow oak dr, mechanicsburg, in partnership w/ silver spring community fire co."
"user user l will eat or drink anything mcdonalds, because of the extra l got in an order.{bugs .
"user user i dunno, i don't go to kfc anymore. it's on the other side of the interstate so i may get shot .
"murfreesboro, tn - panera bread company - cashier line cook delivery driver - cashi... . driving job murfreesboro"
"rt user play chess, not checkers :)"
"burger king so petty tho .
"jeff it was nice meeting you at chick-fil-a in smyrna a couple months ago. .
"i just pulled up to krystal to order a cold brew instead of starbucks... who allowed me to get up this early"
"pizza hut made a jacket out of delivery pouch materials - . .
"i figured user would be more upset about not being able to reach back row on kfc buffet than them taking out! mcds has happy meals!"
"quick should i go to krispy kreme even though its like 20 min away"
"jessica gets to work early to do her makeup and i am only here early to eat my chick-fil-a priorities"
"still dont feel good but at chick-fil-a finna go to work"
"user can i get 4 mcdonalds hashbrowns coffee two creams please"
"i liked a user video . first time to culvers"
"rt user join us for "biscuits &amp; basketball" on saturday, october 21, 2017! free chick-fil-a biscuits and an inside look int "
"fine. hire some fact checkers. start with user and we'll go from there. .
"rt user mcdonalds in japan vs mcdonalds everywhere else. .
