"rt user [ordering pizza at last supper] judas: yeah, that's right! lots of pineapple toppings on the pizza."
"bake chicken, baked sweet potatoes and mixed vegetables "
"rt user me when someone says they don't like pineapple pizza. .
"broccoli salad (with bacon ) is one of those things i love to make just so we can snack on it. but it's also the .
"rt user sheet pan stir-fried chicken teriyaki with pineapple recipe from user . .
"rt user who cleans the kitchen after a family celebration featuring pineapple upside down cake? &gt;&gt; . "
"california smoke could damage wine grapes - sky news australia . whitewine winebottle .
"user pineapple belongs on pizza"
"see this great recipe for vegan tomato &amp; mushroom pancakes. must do! . healthy cooking .
"user pineapple does not go on pizza!"
"chicken caprese, rosemary garlic mashed potatoes, &amp; honey roasted carrots. this really was fire .
"rt user pineapple upside down cake is good as fuck dont @ me"
"rt user when youre ordering pizza and your homie wants to add pineapple .
"and some kettle corn and some white cheddar corn and some actual corn on the cob with mayo and cheese and butter and some spinach dip"
"(ad) grainfree chai spiced pear coffeecake user . via user .
"autumn ros sangria with apples and pomegranates sangria ad wine user happy weekend! &gt;&gt; .
"yard house spinach cheese dip is my favorite !!!!!"
"rt user pineapple pizza and candy corn battling to see which one can be the most hated food of all time .
"rt user pineapple goes on pizza idc dont @ me"
"if you were stuck on an island and the only food supply you had were candy corn &amp; pineapple pizza...what would you eat?"
"user pineapple pizza is trash. "
"user i should have put both as an option. i find it amusing just that people hate candy corn as much as i hate pineapple pizza. "
"who puts apples on pizza"
"rt user ive come to the conclusion that pineapple ... belongs on pizza "
"rt user hozier // cherry wine .
"the uber has the greens beans potatoes tomatoes song in his playlist playing in the uber rn "
"user dude i'm eating pineapple pizza and it reminded me of u"
"user in college my go-to order there was a veggie burger with veggie chili, veggie chili cheese fries, and a c .
"pineapple belongs on pizza "
"but all i can think about right now is pineapple pizza "
"rt user frosted wine bottle with hand painted purple grapes green . via user
"candy corn is good bitch so is pineapple pizza and j cole no wonder why youre so miserable .
"user candy corn, pineapple pizza and j cole? can i get your dealer please?"
"rt user user candy corn, pineapple pizza and j cole? can i get your dealer please?"
"rt user date a girl who likes pineapple on her pizza"
"user wow but pineapple on pizza is so good especially w bbq chicken"
"rt user carina likes candy corn &amp; pineapple on her pizza, and chocolate with salt. imma disown myself from this family"
"rt user heirloom spinach and purple kale pizza on our house made gluten-free crust. we worked long and .
"rt user "i like pineapple on my pizza" .
"rt user user user user who knew peach beer would be so tasty"
"kid's lunch today: beef, romano beans, broccolini in cream sauce; mashed potatoes... . .
"user if you can find a way to make me grain free mac and cheese without using cauliflower as the pasta, sure"
"taking homemade pizza to a whole new level! pizza homemade recipe truffles cauliflower glutenfree .
"disney chocolate covered frozen bananas (copycat) - dinner, then dessert . .
"rt user my mom sprayed canned cheese on celery &amp; called it a vegetable so don't tell me about your dickensian childhood."
"high quality olives tend to grow well in the same places as wine grapes. thanks for the feature, user .
"people that lack common sense were put on this planet to eat pizza with pineapple."
"rt user pumpkin err'thang! i made a delicious pumpkin curry! with chicken, sweet potatoes, peas, brocolli, and coconut rice "
"what's for breakfast? mashed potatoes with mushroom gravy. that's what is for breakfast lol. i should've added some corn to it. oh well."
"user pineapple on a pizza is like gasoline on ice cream...prolly still pretty good, but only if ya gotta"
"user user user they also have their infamous meatloaf stuffed with mac and cheese. win! i .
"user user user user meatloaf stuffed with mac &amp; cheese!? geez sounds good &amp; gooey! travelskills"
"user i ate all of them. and the fried eggplant. but i can't eat pizza until i come back from the doctors .
"egg and spinach with bacon in the middle made it into a burrito! .
"rt user delicious beef stew with guinness and crusty bread .
"rt user wuss poppin twitter, retweet to ruin a pineapple on pizza haters timeline .
"rt user rt if u like pineapple on ur pizza"
"k.c. morales vineyards 1921 chablis: this hard wine is delighting with velvety black tea apricot and bright bouquet."
"rt user bacon wrapped beef meatloaf, juicy and delicious! . eeeeeats feedfeed ifbcx nomnom "
"salmon tacos with cherry lime chipotle salsa .
"i lied. shrimp. and chicken alfredo + broccoli + fried fish filet"
"reason 151 to never skip breakfast.. you end up buying $15 of scrambled tofu and potatoes .
"rt user you have to squish about 600 to 800 grapes to get one bottle of wine ..... . . . user | user "
"lettuce wrap with turkey, cheese and avocado.. letseat paleo whole30 wholefoods .
"user i hate the left behind pineapple juice though. it mixes in with the cheese and i still taste it. "
"courtney stodden serves up veggie hot dogs in lettuce bikini [23 pics] .
"this girl got me putting pineapple on pizza wth"
"user i know.. but they werent purchased for tacos.. i found some cheese... had a tomato left over from my mozzeralla/tomato experiment"
"rt user pineapple on pizza is amazing, dont debate me"
"a velvety wine, delighting with musty burnt pineapple. good with cucumbers. indifferent!!! f"
"pumpkin pies, eyeball cupcakes, caramel apples and so many more spooky treats with baker business 2 halloween .
"rt user ma made bday food. stuffed pork w broccoli rabe &amp; sweet potatoes., dressed it w this oil garlic special thing she i "
"yummy naked infusions fettuccine in a spicy tomato &amp; white wine sauce with italian sausage &amp; broccoli with fire... .
"possibly my finest ever cauliflower cheese...( just saying) .
"daily combo fallon hills grilled corn beef, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onions, creamy grainy mustard sauce served on french bread"
"amazing flavor! crispy broccoli and cheddar twice-baked potatoes are comfort food at its best. click... .
"why pineapple pizza is the best . .
"rt user despite the presence of flames nearby, workers at mondavi winery some without masks picked grapes early friday. "
"rt user user one of them was mos def about to put apples in the potato salad....."
"rt user if a tomato is a fruit, then does that make ketchup a smoothie? "
"rt user chicken &amp; pineapple pizza &gt;&gt;&gt; .
"rt user why pineapple pizza is the best . .
"chicken spinach and pesto wheat pizza to take to the studio for my long work day. going to need .
"despite the presence of flames nearby, workers at mondavi winery some without masks picked grapes early friday. .
"user pineapple and ham such a weird combo. way better ingredients available to throw on a pizza than those two."
"rt user why do people not like pineapple on pizza its so good"
"seaside flavors: vanilla, chocolate, key lime, pineapple, salted caramel, nsa irish cream, cake batter, white chocolate, pom rasp tart, tart"
"yooo i knew i couldn't fw my uncle... he puts peas in his potato salad bitch i'm "
"figs &amp; chestnuts turn classic pineapple cake upside down!. figs chestnutflour gf"
"seeing an amazing cauliflower cheese on pinterest just now reminded me of an amazing food blog i fou... .
"rt user if today is national coming out day.. i just wanted to come out and say .... pineapple belongs on pizza. thx for the su"
"business as usual? workers at the robert mondavi winery some without masks picked grapes ear .
"garlic vanilla bean scalloped potatoes! served with short ribs for our weekend special .
"rt user steampunk nbc doctor who made by little cherry cake company .
"smooth and citrusy, mango and grapefruit notes.. solid beer - drinking a genius at user - . photo"
"pizza topped with broccoli?! .
"just like these beautiful grapes, we're ready for harvestwineweekend! who's joining the fun .
"when user takes cheese and lettuce only to literall user wheres my patty at?? .
"while your wondering what my gameplan is and why im so in the in crowd im getting to it, chopping broccoli etc, churros, cake,, scrubs, gear"
"rt user .user fresno state winemaker says smoke is an enemy to wine grapes californiawildfires: .
"harvest 2017 daily update: picking our two most important grapes &amp; drying mourvdre for our vin de paille dessert w .
"would you eat/try pineapple pizza?"
"immune boosting foods sweetpotatoe beets tomato chicken foodphotography balanceddiet .
"this was so good!!! user door county cherry soda sprecherbrewery doorcountycherry .
"how the napa fires could hurt 2017's wine grapes . .
"rt user saving the harvest. sonoma co. winemakers working together to stomp grapes. no power. californiawildfire .
"check this! how the napa fires could hurt 2017's wine grapes .
"user user cauliflower mash is how i cut out potatoes for the most part."
"today's treat from cindyskitchen homemade fish cakes and cabbage pickles!! yay me!!! delicious .
"rt user me: is wine just grapes blood? boss: yes me: *confused* youre meant to say questions about the job b: we do things diff"
"rt user bbq nothing pizza with right pineapple .
"tilapia cabbage &amp; cornbread! food foodshare foodie healthyeats healthyeating . .
"rt user spinach &amp; artichoke shrimp alfredo pizza .
"rt user owning the normies by trading your car for ketchup and teriyaki sauce .
"t-bone steak, broccoli &amp; cheese, and dinner rolls."
"nom! the best ever panera-inspired copycat broccoli &amp; cheese soup recipe yum recipeoftheday copycat .
"baked sausages with apples sheet pan dinner - jo cooks .
"despite jancis robson i like the boxed wine from florida - pineapple with dense cedary on my lips - darby farms 74pts"
"rt user a pineapple frozen cup ,a hot sausage &amp; a pickle egg sound so good right now"
"!!! omg !!! -i got beans greens potatoes tomatoes remix by.keyon da don -must c click below . .
"rt user dunking for apples but its fried mac n cheese balls and the water is regular mac n cheese"
"user this is the worst thing to happen since california put broccoli on pizza. .
"pecan crusted mahi over gouda cheese grits served with grilled asparagus and finished with pineapple ginger chutney .
"rt user gluten free pineapple upside down cake for two - simple ingredients, sweetened w/honey! sponsored by user "
"pair chicken sausage and broccoli in this pasta dish for a delicious dinner. . .
"just tapped: peach habanero mead | honeywine 7.0% abv .
"rt user healthy dessert alert! try these no guilt slow cooker pumpkin stuffed apples from user "
"rt user one of my favorite uses for overripe bananas: glutenfree double chocolate banana bread - try it today! "
"its badass even by burrito standards: hamburrito is here! ground beef, cheddar, bacon, lettuce, .
"rt user fall vegetables and herb galette | sweet potato, apples, herbs, &amp; whole grain mustard in a buttery crust. "
"that's me either with guacamole and bread or nutella and bread .
"rt user randy's recipes: big boy cherry bed soda .
"rt user just tapped: peach habanero mead | honeywine 7.0% abv .
"freestyle fridays over here at fog! todays special is a vegetarian naan flatbread w/ fresh mozz, tomato, artichok .
"rt user ayoo! new gameplay vid up of ya boy being ike "turner" v peach "eat the cake ana mae" check it out! sub me on yt https:"
"go put pineapple on your pizza you weirdo .
"tbh i could eat user bacon ranch crispy chicken salad everyday for the rest of my life .
"pumpkin spice fried apple rings recipe fall dessert recipeoftheday yummy pumpkinspice apples .
"user is that p-p-pineapple on a pizza .
"lunch : smoked sausage with peppers &amp; onions tossed in a creamy dijon sauce. fresh sliced peach .
"lunch was bomb!!! chicken, burrata cheese, broccoli, and olives! thank you fitbeautyforlife .
"ketchup on the sauce like im tomato "
"candied apples. thechocolateapronbakingco pastrychef baltimore dmv homemade entrepreneur .
"rt user please rt! recipes food dessert quick and easy cabbage-apple saute . .
"dont live in chicago but craving deep dish pizza? no problem! check out this deep dish spinach pizza recipe! .
"my best cauliflower pizza crust! get it now!.
"baking! tomato pies w/ caramelized onions, rich cheese topping: shredded swiss, grated parmigiano, diced mozzare .
"rt user turnip greens, field peas, sweet potato pumpkin user .
"preparing the bacon wrapped stuffed chicken with smoked gouda, asparagus &amp; sun-dried tomato . it is always a ple .
"crock pot pot roast with potatoes and carrots . .
"this veggie burger was everything mind you sweet potatoes fries were part of side but i opted .
"chocolate cherry cake recipe . .
"crisis in my household! we're out of lemon juice, which my daughter uses on everything! broccoli. pasta. mac 'n cheese. yes, i'm serious..."
"its 12:30am and in the last half hour i just had cheese (dill havarti- its fine) and left over cauliflower curry. but guess what. i hunger"
"mmm .. pineapple wheat beer. auwrite! pineapplemana .
"rt user spicy tomato soup &amp; grilled cheese in senior foods user .
"evry damn time i go 2 taco bell it reminds me of the time the worker said 2 me so no meat? when i asked 4 just cheese &amp; lettuce on my taco"
"rt user carnitas rancheros... tostadas with melted cheese, pulled pork, 2 eggs your way salsa, sour cream, and guacamole .
"rt user vegan quiche bars made with veganchicken, veganbacon, oven roasted potatoes, baked tofu, .
"saturday special: chicken salad on a pretzel roll soups: inside out chicken pot pie and pasta fagioli we also... .
"even in michigan ive managed to get honey hill apples and donuts"
"it's our one mission &amp; we are cooking w/ user making breakfast sandwiches &amp; roasted potatoes to feed our hung .
"such beautiful food this morning at user - greens, garlic, heirloom broccoli at user cheese at user lucky"
"today's specials for the brown bag are bacon swiss burger, ashley's harvest chicken salad, turkey avocado wrap... .
"i'm baking peach cobbler on this rainy saturday! nationaldessertday"
"i took these things and made this one big thing. cauliflower and mix potato indian curry. see .
"cheese and grapes "
"i need a crawfish spinach bread bowl from the festival today!!"
"jimmy johns lettuce wrap foodie nolafoodie foodie foodphotography neworleansfoodies .
"rt user bring oktoberfest to your house w/ our delicious brats, cabbage &amp; potato dinner! . recipes ht"
"so far ive had pimento mac n cheese, bourbon chicken wings, a whole mango, a peach, a bag of doritos (purple bag) + two mozzarella sticks."
"user user how bout a hot sausage on french and a pineapple big shot"
"i want bbq chicken, rice and peas, potato salad, coleslaw, macaroni pie and stuffing with a large lemonade "
"rt user user user who the hell put apples in the potato salad?"
"user i would black out and grab stupid stuff! a potato, cabbage, a mop... all crap i dont need!"
"rt user pineapple belongs on pizza.. dont @ me"
"rt user i'm eating pineapple pizza"
""so this wine is made with gamay-" "what's gamay?" "the type of grape." "wow, i didn't know there were different types of grapes!" "
"henlo bat baby, go eat a grapefruit cutie henlo spooky boy go eat a cupcake handsome ! .
"if your nearby the beer sharing continues, come on by jus... (apricot raspberry j.r.e.a.m.) . photo"
"only wegmans would think up of a way to put honeycrisp apples in bread and it tastes amazing .
"rt user guns n' roses user buttercupcake user cherry bomb hydra liner user metal matte palet "
"user hes really into his oxbow cranberry cookies i gave him 4 cookies today more than carrots "
"rt user it's friday, and you know what that means- time eat an entire nutella, oranges, and pepper jack cheese sandwich then fight a"
"user heart attacks are natural. keep eating kfc and meatloaf!"
"two new beers from user tapped today for their in-house release; peach genetic drift .
"saturday dessert with a gwen frostic placemat at the wonderful cherry hut in beulah... .
"fried chicken with black eyed peas and hot sauce "
"sos someone come make me a grilled cheese (cheese has to be swiss) with tomato soup"
"not really sure why i have a meal plan when all i eat is potatoes and mandarin oranges?"
"nationaldessertday no gluten free, tofu, flourless desserts here. sugar, sugar, sugar is the way to go!!!!"
"ketchup is just tomato nut"
"all running done including getting pizza for tonight &amp; meatloaf fixings for sun. dont need to leave house rest of w/e unless i want winning"
"i just want. mac and cheese with broccoli."
"rainy days...= quiche ! multiple types of fragrant cheeses, asparagus, spinach, peppers, shallots, garlic and a g .
"horrible news - panera's broccoli cheese soup isn't vegetarian. "
"user user user puts pineapple on his pizza ?! .
"rt user i double breaded it, fried it, put mozzarella on top and then pan fried it in more panko, but yeah, everyone ate eggplant."
"does mcdonalds sweet and sour sauce count as a fruit? the 3rd ingredient is apricot pure. eatinghealthy"
"when the pizzeria has tomato pie on the menu but when you order it they ask if you want cheese user i'm not to .
"user chicken and broccoli for life !! i didnt get a fortune cookie those fuckers"
"im having fun making pizzas:) white pizza with spinach and muchaels favorite chicken ranch pizza"
"joke: pineapple on pizza woke: .
"rt user it's everyone's nameday at the orphanage! the cake is 100% pineapple-free, promise. here's my entry for user "
"user hmm.... yeah, i'll have that fresh please. real potatoes, no corn, real south carolina peaches instead of what i expect is &gt;&gt;"
"rt user baked gouda with prosciutto all in a puffpastry &amp; topped off with a warm pear compote. you're welcome! "
"crabs , shrimp , potatoes and broccoli with destiny and the kiddies "
"roast porkloin over apples in a mustard cider sauce with garlicmashpotatoes. yummy .
"user probably mentioned pineapple as a pizza topping. slam! throw away the key."
"i am craving tomato soup and a grilled cheese i hate my life"
"cherry chocolate bomb in cupcake form @ westmont, new jersey .
"start your weekend off right with this spicy sausage and tofu breakfast burrito. . vegan .
"bananas aren't a type of cheese .
"my hangover could use a grilled cheese and some tomato soup right now"
"user thats the song ppl sing about not wanting ppl to say they want their bacon made of mushrooms instead"
"roasted sweet potato and cabbage summer rolls . .
"dinner specials 10/13 appetizer:: grilled jalapeo cornmeal johnnie cakes with short ribs, apple cabbage slaw... .
"grapes, sour or sweet, are ripe for dessert the complex fruitiness of grapes enhances recipes both savory (flatbre .
"rt user gentrifiedcookout don't have fried chicken. they only got fried chicken flavored tofu. .
"order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you are a really long baby this bowl? there's also some fried fish"
"sweet potato salad with lentils and fried egg . .
"cheese &amp; tomato sandwiches &amp; 2min noodles .
"cannot begin to describe how incredible user peach silhouette is. this beer is a .
"sausage hash with carrots . .
"scalloped potatoes (grain-free) . .
"quick throw together dinner for pizza night... traderjoes cauliflower crust with .
"grilled chipotle peach salad . .
"easy one pan chicken, potato and broccoli recipe . .
"rt user pear and almond cake foodie foodporn fake food miniature almond pear cake bake buzzfeedfood sweet eat "
"sweet potato corn tostada with guacamole, sour cream and pick de gallo .
"cherry crumb cake (grain-free) . .
"these philly cheesesteak stuffed mushrooms from user are a fun idea for dinner! .
"in the mood for a delectable appetizer? try our hawaiian grilled cheese (fresh pineapple, swiss &amp; ham)! buffalo .
"i hate mia khalifa more than pineapple pizza from cleveland"
"user i want to be next to your dad crushing grapes for wine exactly like in the video on facebook he posted"
"coconut shrimp is one of those pineapple on pizza things"
"don't buy grapes wow you want this bowl? there's also some fried fish on honey i turn on honey i know you want this man nd"
"gala apples in the house!!! galaapples appledessert fallspices hartsdale scarsdale .
""my sister in law peach is a great cake maker!"luigibot"
"foodporn eggplant bacon. this is delish! veganrecipes redefinewellness .
"rt user did you guys know that they write tomato on ketchup bottles because there are many different forms of ketchup. fo "
"pineapple upside down cake (grain-free) . .
"user sweet cinnamon peach angel food cake with whipped cream kisses .
"food&gt;no desserts:butter roasted pumpkin with spinach-- . foodmag .
"rene byck watched his kids stomp grapes, hosted weddings and made wine at his winery for decades and now its gon .
"rt user bts eat pineapple on pizza yes i love intellectuals .
"pesto salmon with parmesan roasted potatoes is the perfect dinner any night of the week scrubdots ad .
"rt user .user knows how to pair apples with cheese: . snack appies cheeseplate "
"rt user autumn ros sangria with apples and pomegranates sangria ad wine user happy weekend! &gt;&gt; "
"even if she hot i'm gonna drop her like potato, told these niggas catch up like the sauce from a tomato"
"mcdonalds in france just released a new veggie burger. i approve vegetarian vegan food foodporn veggie foodie .
"rt user the works cheeseburger pizza is a simple to prepare recipe loaded with lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and onions. "
"rt user user made a delectable feta, tomato (from our tomato plant!), &amp; tzatziki grilled cheese today for lunch "
"user user i do a chicken, spinach, and cheese tortellini soup in my ipno recipe for that one. just t .
"rt user handknit shouldershawl in plum wine caron simply soft womens | nancysknotslace . .
"lentil shepherds pie with sweet potatoes . .
"no gas? no oven? no problem. cast iron skillet pizza with enoki mushrooms is cooking. (i hope it's good) .
"young buffallo chicken on a hero, no tomato.. oh and american cheese .
"chili lentils over sweet potatoes . .
"user cherry cakes happening rn and i care so much about cherry cakes (have never heard of cherry cake until 10 min ago)"
"the amount if grilled cheese and tomato soup i'm about to eat is truly an inspiration"
"two roads plum gose cans now available. . user craftbeer craftnotcrap beermenus"
"practice makes perfect. this pizza has pear procuitto mozzarella maplesyrup salt pepper .
"peach cake peach cake"
"wine and grapes kinda night .
"my kinda 150-calorie snack. i love blue cheese &amp; gala apples together whatadietitianeats @ .
"baby this bowl? there's also some fried fish on the face book? order corn support farm workers, don't buy grapes wow you"
"rt user iwouldkilljasonby feeding him pineapple on pizza."
"honestly pineapple goes really good on pizza."
"had pizza grapes and a waffle for dinner tonight. bon appetit"
"user now i wonder if laimbeer will try and trade for any of the liberty players. kelsey plum is an interesting bargaining tool."
"rt user shiitake mushrooms with swiss cheese casserole . recipes .
"user riley let me send you some pineapple pizza"
"* continued to enjoy my new job * ate many tomato soups and grilled cheeses * took several afternoon naps * had a bunch of cool dreams"
"user have you ever had a grilled cheese with slices of apples?!"
"beerwelove ! the user pear la bonte farmhouse ale. nice flavours and a slightly sour taste. kudos .
"chick-fil-a discontinued their chicken salad, and i am livid "
"fresh pizza coming at ya! ghost thumb - tomato sauce, mozzarella, andouille, caramelized onions, fresh peppers, ro .
"try this sweet and savory twist on classic cornbread, using caramelized onions, apples, and thyme. .
"rt user try this sweet and savory twist on classic cornbread, using caramelized onions, apples, and thyme. "
"rt user bro: *eating* bro: *looks up at sis as if he just had a vision* bro: if tomato is a fruit, then is ketchup a smoothie..!? sis:"
"fall + north carolina mountains = apples anddonuts andfritters @ justus orchard .
"looking for that perfect snack that screams fall? apple pie snack cakes . recipes apples .
"zucchini cakes with spinach, arugula &amp; basil sour cream . via user
"i got a thin crust, pineapple and chicken pizza and damnnnn"
"pineapple def belongs on pizza"
"bowl white chicken extra corn extra sour cream cheese lettuce"
"for real how do people like pineapple on pizza? like i've never had a slice of pizza and thought wow i wish this had a juicy tropical crunch"
"user user pineapple on pizza is amazing fam. that song was whack tho lolol"
"rt user rt user id rather be growing grapes! . sweetromance winery findlayohio"
"ready for some fall food?! this fits the bill. kale, cauliflower, and sausage casserole . .
"rt user is this a couch potato? no, its namejiro, the cannibalistic mushroom mascot of the lets eat more mushrooms proj "
"our home girl rihanna knows what's up today, since we have that cake, cake, cake (bday cake that is). we also have turtle &amp; cherry vanilla!"
"user user round to the round ... pineapple slice in a donut ! count to the mogul !"
"user nothing better than homegrown tomatoes with bacon, lettuce on toasted wheat bread, we are so fortunate."
"ps -- did y'all notice? we changed our name to reflect the bounty of fall produce this week at market: apples, potatoes, pumpkins, nuts!"
"try these little cakes of moist dense cake w/ a cherry surprise. white cherry cupcake w/ butter frosting&gt; .
"user your hatred for pineapple pizza speaks to my soul because pineapple on pizza is an abomination. "
"cherry pie massacre pienuts! newflavor poisonberrybakery vegandonuts vegancoffeeshop .
"i desperately need to lose 30 lbs. starting with our weekly pizza night. anyone have great recipes for cauliflower crust pizza?"
"user user young ham and cheese footlong sub with lettuce mayo oil n vinegar peppers.. or young footlong for short i guess."
"user user user user the main difference between apples and cakes, other than fibe .
"nothing beats an heirloom tomato fresh from the garden on toasted homemade bread with a little spread of mayo. bec .
"friday dinner specials! braised pork shank w/ mole poblano sauce, roasted potatoes and asparagus...blackened... .
"was given chicken nuggets and pizza. would rather eat carrots and hummus .
"rt user this cookout gon have grapes in the potato salad so i know it's not the place for me .
"for a porter this is tasty. great plum. solid beer... (sat in a corner plum porter) . photo"
"funk forward with spicy grapefruit. nice change of pace beer if you... (calabaza boreal) . photo"
"user user they're great on pizza, especially pineapple pizza."
"pizza boy peach around is on, replacing pizza boy hopvision - rakau"
"i made stuffed chicken breast with cheese broccoli &amp; shrimps inside &amp; rice on the side my shit lit "
"rt user pizza boy peach around is on, replacing pizza boy hopvision - rakau"
"user thanks! tomato pizza with mozerella sticks! .
"**woman standing in line to get donuts** i didnt want to get that juice because its basically all apples &amp; thats too much sugar. "
"saturday: reg. smoked turkey sandwich, mac &amp; cheese &amp; 16 oz. drink fr only $4.99. our sliced turkey comes from a ... .
"rt user bbq shrimp with crispy pork and saffron rice cake, sauted spinach, caramelized onions and shredded green onion user "
"[healthy recipe] creamy pumpkin soup with grilled cheese croutons - . .
"wine tasting on the niagara on the lake region. grabbed some grapes right off the vine. .
"user on a pineapple upside down cake!!!"
"rt user wondering about effects of ca wildfires on grapes/wine? no hysteria, just science. .
"user user you probably put pineapple on pizza you monster"
"tfw the doc says no more food &amp; water &amp; you start craving the wildest things. fffuck, id kill for pretzel sticks &amp; mushrooms off pizza"
"rt user its 8:49 pm and pineapple still belongs on pizza"
"my attempt at cauliflower bread. healthyfood @ austin, texas .
"its almost time for them beans, greens, potatoes, tomatoes chicken, turkeys younameit"
"user i don't like alot of things xd like pineapple on pizza???"
"fall vegetables and herb galette | sweet potato, apples, herbs, &amp; whole grain mustard in a buttery crust. .
"rt user kathy and craig hall update: wineries lucky so far but fate of grapes uncertain. form matching fund for victims. https:"
"saw a vid about sub'n eggplant for bacon. took the challenege and this was my final product. pretzel hoagie elt wit .
"user hi i love cheese sandwich and lettuce,onion, are you going walk a little? it helps calm and refre .
"i smacked my face on a wall for some pineapple freaking pizza! user thedolantwins"
"rt user people that like pineapple pizzas opinions .
"rt user don't miss the grape stomp at yepez vineyard november 4! stomp grapes, sip wine &amp; enjoy music. "
"i made a pineapple upside down cake yesterday &amp; its like all gone now lol"
"rt user the poll to end all polls pineapple on pizza? (hawaiian pizza not just single topping) yay or nay?"
"i planted out some warrigal greens a few days ago. banana bread 3 bananas it's an australian native leaf; a good addition to..."
"user equivalent to: pineapple on pizza"
"user user double chicken, white rice , lettuce and cheese "
"and we're crushing it! our cabsauv grapes are being crushed and destemmed. fermentationready wine101 .
"rt user kevins gonna come home to some flautas &amp; rice &amp; pineapple cake made by me, im just confused bc he still hasnt asked me to m"
"sweet potatoes, bourbon and pineapple have us saying yes please! to this user fall recipe: .
"happy ending was hilarious. idgaf what anybody says. any hop fan who says otherwise probably likes pineapple on their pizza too. user
"user bananas and beer!"
"rt user white girl: can i get a bread bowl of broccoli cheddar and a ceasar salad me: can i get a bread bowl of broccoli ch "
"port wine roasted mushrooms with goat cheese brie and blood orange glaze. and for dessert spiced apples over... .
"disappointed in my chicken sub today. i have more bread and lettuce than i do chicken. and i gave a $2 tip"
"making bomb ass spinach bacon &amp; chicken pasta "
"just had a badass grilled cheese sandwich &amp; a tomato soup.. &amp; now im about to take my self a nap .
"user young wine, lightbulbs, batteries, rice, baby carrots and hummus?"
"rt user cherry wine by hozier is the most beautiful song i have ever heard and i listen to it an excessive amount of times"
"user that's the new grilled cheese and tomato soup."
"austin eastciders's "pineapple cider" just got tapped @ dr. jeckyll's beer lab!"
"pineapple doesn't belong on pizza .
"rt user do i want mushrooms on my pizza? sure &amp; while youre at it, take the mold from my shower &amp; spread it all over the crust, yo"
"fyi - riced cauliflower tastes like hash browns."
"yes pineapple goes with pizza. .
"user lets say you invite them but the friends orders pineapple pizza and the girl you dating says it's the b .
"rt user user 2018 beer release calendar including 30th anniversary cherry stout reserve slated for may. "
"user user he likes pineapple on pizza"
"korean spicy pork red beans and rice barbacoa street tacos my guacamole iced lemon pound cake .
"alright cherry on top of the cake. where can you fix a cracked iphone screen in morgantown?"
"we make our white and wheat bread in house. why not take some home with you? orangebeachrestaurants .
"8:30am breakfast: portobello mushroom w/ goat cheese, a sunny side up egg w/jalapeo over a .
"rt user what if we found out the orange on trumps face was not make up but cheese popcorn dust? would that make you like him mor"
"rt user rebellious miley cyrus appears in painful images as she drinks a beer being without pants just in a bra &gt;&gt;.
"blue orange blossoms lavender i love beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"peach fritter bacon helenthedog chopping or instead i run and eat trash like a little baby"
"rt user age appears to be best in four things.... -francis bacon amreading amwriting .
"snack sauteed brussel sprouts w/ bacon, grilled apples &amp; onions"
"rt user today i made southern fried chicken using my fried chicken mix w/ biscuits with gravy. topped w/fried green tomatoes h"
"jollibee is calling my name, and seducing my soul with their cheesy bacon mushroom burger? who doesnt love that? "
"kevin bacon tried playing "six degrees of kevin bacon" once and beetlejuice appeared."
"last night i ordered broccoli and cheddar soup from a pizza place because it was on their menu. the owner said they didnt have any."
"brighten your day with dancingdeer cranberry orange white chocolatechip cookies! momapproved preservativefree! .
"eggplant "bacon" has *everyone flipping out . via user
"road soda n britney spears???? get on our level bye"
"saturday recipe: easy, low-fat veggie pizza via . - whether you are looking for a ... .
"tonight's appetizer special is sauted shrimp on a cheese baguette with charbroiled tomatoes and .
"lentil soup with sausage and acorn squash .
"curried cauliflower pizza . .
"7. the teenagers who will ask for a water cup and then proceed to fill it with orange soda and walk away like their cup isnt clear ????"
"rt user maple leaf farm duck | bacon fat braised mushrooms | apple | wheatberry | chestnut mousse @ .
"mushroom swiss hamburgers with onion rings on the side. great flavors plated goodfood .
"rogue shakespeare oatmeal stout on tap now. . user beermenus"
"due to time constraints, i was forced to eat string cheese much like one would chomp down on a carrot. needless to say, i now hate myself."
"pesto chicken meatballs with sauted peppers and tomatoes with rosemary french fries. i love my .
"dinner with friends tonight! what can be better than that? sorry, friends...chuck e. cheese with hannah bananas tomorrow!!! :d lovemygirl"
"ireallyshouldtry pineapple on pizza... some actually like it. .
"cheer on the vols with our big orange cheese grater lamp this is an awesome accent for any .
"user my local store has a roll of bright orange labels for crazy bread behind the counter. any chance i can buy one? *for art*"
"user pineapple pizza lovers to the direction the pineapple pizza is"
"my dog is so extra, i gave him some leftovers from chipotle and picked at everything but the lettuce "
"rt user when left over eggplant and smoked chipotle shrimp is just as delicious the next day food homecook "
"woman at mcdonalds who told me i look ready for halloween should be thankful i didn't say the same about her heavy pearly pink eyeshadow"
"hey everyone! im krystal tweeting from the peach state! chatsnap .
"peach chipotle wings .
"i just found out user no longer sells hi-c orange soda :("
"user i also love the lettuce wrap at jimmy johns! they wrap it so tight - like a great burrito. and they deliver for freeeeeee "
"imma need mcdonalds to bring back the hi-c orange juice "
"me: can i have guacamole please chipotle: me: .
"rt user myheartisyoursif you shell out the extra cash to get me some guacamole when we go to chipotle."
"user daves cherry cream soda? you sneaky suckers, this shit is the bomb!"
